Dr Jameson: App. And then I tried going online to
Dr Jameson: How can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Hi. Hi, how are you
iPhone: I'm okay.
Dr Jameson: Are we having fun yet.
iPhone: Took a little bit longer to check it. Then I thought
Dr Jameson: Oh, that's okay. I was fiddling with a
Dr Jameson: An account at my bank that wasn't behaving so I called her help desk so it worked out okay. Um, let's see, I don't
Dr Jameson: Let's see. I don't remember why we have this
iPhone: I requested this meeting.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, that would be
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
iPhone: So I'm having
iPhone: I'm running out of medication before
iPhone: The
iPhone: I think the 10 day or the 14 days. Okay. And I'm not sure what's happening.
Dr Jameson: Or are you taking, how much are you taking a day.
iPhone: I'm trying to stay at the two thirds of a film of one film each day.
iPhone: And I would say maybe one or two times a week.
iPhone: Sometimes more that's not enough.
iPhone: And so I start to feel like
iPhone: Like incredibly anxious, like I'm crawling out of my skin. And so I'll take
iPhone: A third of a film and it usually happens around maybe four or five o'clock in the afternoon.
iPhone: But it's not every day. And so what I'm finding is that
iPhone: I'm getting to about
iPhone: Maybe 12 days instead of 14 days. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So that would be like, on average, one day a week that you take
Dr Jameson: Extra do you
Dr Jameson: How long have you been at this current dose.
iPhone: I've been at this current dose.
iPhone: Say like maybe since September. Okay.
Dr Jameson: What is this been going on all along, or
Dr Jameson: Is this know recent
iPhone: It's more recent
Dr Jameson: And do you feel like it's more anxiety that's happening. Or do you feel like it's truly with draw symptoms.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: Well, definitely my anxieties.
iPhone: There's no question about
Dr Jameson: It. Yeah. But if you had you had
Dr Jameson: Anxiety to start with and then we then we through this pandemic catch
iPhone: Yeah yeah so
iPhone: I mean,
Dr Jameson: I can write a prescription that says one a day. And then if you get to two
Dr Jameson: Thirds and you know you can. We can make it so it's not a stressor, if you need it a little extra in a day. But I guess.
Dr Jameson: You know also addressing anxiety, if we can, I think would make
iPhone: Any sense
Dr Jameson: You know what I'm saying, like,
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: You are still taking Lexapro, and Wellbutrin and
Dr Jameson: Raza Pam, but that's for bedtime. Right.
Dr Jameson: Yeah okay and lyric anything changed with your meds. In other words,
iPhone: Now,
Dr Jameson: And even the stair where the prednisone is the thing.
iPhone: prednisone to saying yeah
iPhone: I do take
iPhone: The clock. When l
iPhone: And
Dr Jameson: Getting it
iPhone: Yeah yeah
iPhone: I have
iPhone: Enough. I think for a couple months, but I don't know what's going to happen after that.
Dr Jameson: So I don't either.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I don't think anybody doesn't know.
I'm
iPhone: Like today I have a third last
iPhone: And I don't think I
iPhone: Refill until Wednesday.
iPhone: Let's see. I
Dr Jameson: I sent it on the third
iPhone: You sent it on
Dr Jameson: What you filled it
iPhone: But they wouldn't let they wouldn't let me sell it. Okay. They were actually really awful.
iPhone: So do you. So I still didn't on the 16th. Okay.
Dr Jameson: But that's 14 days is today.
Dr Jameson: I mean, on the calendar. So that's should be okay.
Dr Jameson: To eat meat and to refill. And I'll just change it to one film a day so
Dr Jameson: There isn't.
Dr Jameson: An additional stress.
Stress about this.
iPhone: That would be really helpful.
Dr Jameson: And I think, you know, still working on other coping mechanisms or your tablet or film.
iPhone: Chill.
That's right.
Just
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you do any deep breathing or meditation or I don't know if you're allowed outside to go for a walk. At this point, but
iPhone: You know, I'm trying to do when I can.
iPhone: But it's really
iPhone: Challenging
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean, I like I said, I know you had had varieties of
Dr Jameson: Changes in your life. And so I guess I'm I feel like I might have some idea, but is there anything new. In addition, or
Um,
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: My son.
iPhone: Just continues to
iPhone: Have major issues and the
iPhone: Hard thing.
iPhone: He was living in an SLE, he got kicked out he was in jail for a night.
iPhone: He
Dr Jameson: Was in California or if he's
iPhone: In California now.
iPhone: I actually don't know. Totally what's going on. He was kicked out of his SLE, he was on the street.
iPhone: He was calling me like all night long.
iPhone: He didn't have well basically he
iPhone: crashed his car, he didn't hurt anybody.
iPhone: His license was taken away. He was kicked out of the SLA and so
Dr Jameson: It's high end to or
iPhone: He
iPhone: Drank although he says
Listen.
Dr Jameson: I lost you for a minute. I guess now you're back. I didn't hear that.
iPhone: I'm so sorry. He's drinking or
iPhone: He drink.
iPhone: He doesn't drink on a regular basis, but he drank. So he's in a
iPhone: I was able to get like an Airbnb room for him. And today he's supposed to go back into the SLA.
iPhone: But now he doesn't have a car. He doesn't have a job because of you know everything that's going on. So,
iPhone: It's just a matter of me getting to the point where you know I can.
iPhone: Let him truly suffer the consequences.
Dr Jameson: Or yeah
Dr Jameson: It's so hard to do that.
iPhone: It's, it's really hard. I keep thinking, you know,
iPhone: I can save him, even though you can imagine, over the years, I've tried everything humanly possible.
Dr Jameson: Right, I imagine.
Dr Jameson: Well, and because there's a difference between certain trying to find my pencil, which I'm fine, but
Dr Jameson: You know, loving someone and and
Dr Jameson: saving them are helping them. I mean, I guess.
Dr Jameson: He sounds like he's sort of
Dr Jameson: Getting back a little bit on the on the
Dr Jameson: Band. What are getting back end in order so they're letting him back in and
iPhone: I think you can let him back in today.
iPhone: I actually don't know what's going to happen with his car, you know, it was impounded yeah
iPhone: So,
iPhone: Are you
Dr Jameson: With a counselor. And so, how often
iPhone: Yes, I started meeting the counselor.
Dr Jameson: You know when your last name your next visit will be
iPhone: It soon. It's like, given the next week or so. Oh, good. Okay. And, you know, definitely talk to her about it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah i mean i'm i'm not really
Dr Jameson: I'm not merely adequately equipped to sort of
iPhone: Know that
Dr Jameson: Help with the mindset and all that stuff. I guess just, I would say the mantra will be people don't change unless until they need to chase so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so making it so
Dr Jameson: Things don't become essential it's anyway. So if we make things too easy and keep fixing problems for other people. They don't not necessarily be motivated to make different choices. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: The but that's not. I mean,
Dr Jameson: You know, then when it's your kid or your loved one, it's, it's
Dr Jameson: It's not so easy, I
iPhone: Get that for sure.
Dr Jameson: Um, does he have anyone else that that he sort of liens on or that helps him our monthly
iPhone: He has a girlfriend. Does that is more like an ex girlfriend, she's not in the area, but they do talk. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So she separated herself somewhat from
iPhone: Yeah. Then, day to day. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Is she in recovery or ever had it.
iPhone: Happen. She's in recovery. Okay. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well then, I think it's good that she's kind of put up some berries, but it's nice that she's still willing to talk to them like
iPhone: Yeah, I think that is too.
Dr Jameson: And how about your daughter that you're living with his worst
Dr Jameson: You know about any of this or
iPhone: Oh yeah, she's really angry with me.
Dr Jameson: How do you
Dr Jameson: Mean, what do you think about that, too.
iPhone: I think if I were in her shoes. I probably would, would be the same way.
Dr Jameson: Just you know that you feel you get that
iPhone: I don't know if she gets that
Dr Jameson: I mean this you know that you understand why she's
iPhone: Yeah yeah
I mean,
Dr Jameson: If these stupid emotions, what's getting in the way, would
Dr Jameson: make things easier but yeah okay i mean i think you know it's easy from a completely removed non attached perspective to be like don't help him and he's not gonna, you know, but but it's, it's, you know,
Dr Jameson: Doesn't just magically
Dr Jameson: happen that way, necessarily, but
iPhone: I know
Dr Jameson: I guess, um,
Dr Jameson: What was your son's drug of choice or is it I guess doesn't change, it's not alcohol. Right.
iPhone: No, I'm
iPhone: You know it's whatever he can get his hands on. He takes
iPhone: But he didn't.
Dr Jameson: He didn't get to go down that deep of into a hole. This time he he just drink instead of
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah i mean it's it's always
iPhone: You know, like taking medications in a in an addictive way. So whatever it is and how he gets people to prescribe him things is a mystery to me well.
Dr Jameson: It's an art form, but
iPhone: I get
Dr Jameson: You know, it's so hard. You know, I'm sure I've been duped any number of times before, and often the people that seem the most appropriate are the ones that are, you know,
Dr Jameson: The best. Yeah. You know what I mean, like, well, you don't know it'd be cool. So
Dr Jameson: Yeah, good. Good job. But does he in any kind of counseling. What says status on that.
iPhone: I'm
iPhone: Not really. He's not I'm trying to encourage him to talk with his sponsor, you know, things like that.
Dr Jameson: Well, I mean, I guess 111 approach might be. Maybe you've already tried this, but it's
Dr Jameson: Sort of put a lot of
Dr Jameson: You know, what's the word I'm trying to say like 10 word finding problem conditions on assistance, like from you. Going forward, like, you know,
Dr Jameson: I'm not answering the phone, unless you send me the receipt from the, you know, your counseling appointment every two weeks, or whatever. You know what I mean, like, make make roles that
Dr Jameson: You know, you have to tell me what you talk about or yeah anyway. But you know, that's sort of a thing so that there's at least some skin in the game, you know, for him.
And that's
Dr Jameson: And then I guess you could also pass along our does he know he knows about bright heart.
iPhone: Yeah, doesn't mean you could consider
Dr Jameson: Sharing this
Dr Jameson: Information with him in case that might be a good resource for him to
Dr Jameson: It can be, you know, tricky to find a place and get in with somebody, especially these days.
Dr Jameson: But, you know, he might be able to meet with one of our counselors and you know from for visa.
iPhone: Oh, I mean, you can imagine the other night trying to get a place for him.
iPhone: With the time difference here. He had his I do take it away from him and the hotels. He's in the Bay Area. So the hotels are mostly closed. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Who took the police, is it
Yeah.
iPhone: It's an impound did his car.
Dr Jameson: Is he going to get the ID back or what happened.
iPhone: In six months.
Dr Jameson: Oh, like it's it's dry. It's just lost his driver's license.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: He could go and get himself an ID that's
iPhone: Yeah, he's gonna he's gonna have to do that. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
So,
Dr Jameson: So this is all anxiety. Adding to anxiety, I guess, in addition to the other, you know,
Dr Jameson: transition to a new state living in a new
Dr Jameson: Place separating from your husband.
iPhone: Just a few. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: I can go ahead
Um,
iPhone: I have had a little bit more pain.
iPhone: And I was hoping that you know I would be able to get in.
iPhone: And see, yeah. Yeah.
iPhone: But the appointment that I had has been moved back to August
iPhone: So I'll just have to wait and
iPhone: See, I was. It was hoping to get into the rheumatologist
Dr Jameson: I wonder if there be doing any telemedicine.
Dr Jameson: I'll be wanting to do that with a new patient but
Dr Jameson: Or with your old rheumatologists now that
Dr Jameson: You know, you don't have to be licensed in the state right now they waved some of those kinds of
Dr Jameson: Require. No, I didn't know that.
Dr Jameson: Yes, so it's possible. I can't make any guarantees, of course, but it's possible that your old rheumatologists in California.
Dr Jameson: In this current situation could see you remotely and treat you. Because right now, they don't, you're not required to be licensed in
Dr Jameson: Any state. If you have a license in one state in the US, you're
Dr Jameson: Temporarily allowed to practice medicine in any other state.
iPhone: Is that with any, any type of special
Dr Jameson: Team.
iPhone: I would. Well, that's great.
Dr Jameson: So this whole pandemic emergency thing.
Dr Jameson: So I wouldn't such a great suggestion. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I would just make a call reach out, hey, you know, especially because you're kind of strange and it's not
Dr Jameson: You know whether they whether they can find your medicine. I don't know. But if there's some sort of adjustment or tweak that they can
Dr Jameson: Consider some other I don't know replacement for
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I was just looking up i don't i don't know the dose of
Dr Jameson: Range for its rheumatoid you have our Lucas, what do you have
iPhone: An undiagnosed.
Dr Jameson: Music Okay.
iPhone: Yeah, whatever. I'm called nonspecific
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: In other words, we don't know. Okay.
Right.
Dr Jameson: And you take two hundreds. I was just looking to see what the dose range was if there was some way for you to like
preserve your
Dr Jameson: Supply but but then again, you're feeling worse than usual. Anyway, so it's probably not a good time to try to drop the dose.
Dr Jameson: It looks like 200 to 400 is standard. Okay. But anyway, I would reach out and just see if there's if they're doing that yet. Or it you know make you know ask that you be on the list for when they do and
Dr Jameson: You know, see if they have any capability there been a lot of
Dr Jameson: So that's one of the things that's been sort of temporarily
Dr Jameson: Suspended and the other is that, you know, used to be you have to use a HIPAA compliant encrypted, you know, sort of,
Dr Jameson: Program of some sort. In, in order to do telemedicine.
Dr Jameson: But right now, you can just use FaceTime
Dr Jameson: The doctors can just use their own record, you know, if they are not equipped with that kind of a
Dr Jameson: System, it's okay. They can just use they've kind of been waived all the HIPAA requirements as well.
iPhone: Okay, thanks.
Dr Jameson: though. Yeah. So there's really a lot of there's a lot more flexibility.
Dr Jameson: For regular know until medicine people to actually do it that way. So,
Dr Jameson: Um, anyway. So hopefully that will be helpful.
Dr Jameson: And or the new person may, you know, I don't know how they'll feel about
Dr Jameson: The new patients without hands on, but
iPhone: Are you still there.
Dr Jameson: I am
iPhone: Okay, I lost your picture.
Dr Jameson: I lost your picture too.
iPhone: Much
iPhone: So helpful.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I would reach out
iPhone: To ask questions and see
Dr Jameson: Whether they you know I do tell them. So for my other thing. Now I'm willing to be a guinea pig. If you
Dr Jameson: Want to give it a whirl, you know,
Dr Jameson: If we're not already doing that.
Dr Jameson: And then what do you do for relaxation when you
Dr Jameson: You know, are over overflowing with
Dr Jameson: With worry
iPhone: Nothing right now.
Dr Jameson: Are there things you've done in the past that have
iPhone: Been um yeah i i actually should start doing them. I, I love to walk.
iPhone: And
iPhone: We have a really great dog here.
Dr Jameson: So you have a dog to walk.
iPhone: Yeah. And so I think that I can do that on a more regular basis.
iPhone: It's been really cold here and I'm not used to that.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's so cold or is it warming up a
iPhone: Little yesterday was warm today is called
iPhone: What state are you in
Dr Jameson: Florida.
Dr Jameson: Called here.
iPhone: Is the
Dr Jameson: Answer, though, so I get it.
iPhone: So this is a lot colder than I'm used to.
iPhone: Yeah, I guess it's going to get a lot harder than it needs to do.
Dr Jameson: Well, I mean, you can exercise inside to not walking and there is a certainly there's a very for sure.
Dr Jameson: Sort of healing.
Dr Jameson: Property to being outside in nature. So, you know, if you can get out. I think that's still good. But if you can't, you know, there's
Dr Jameson: Any number of
Dr Jameson: Netflix and on demand.
Dr Jameson: Exercise things you can find or you can just make your own so many jumping jacks and sit ups and push ups and deep knee bends and
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: It doesn't actually take all that much to to really get a good heart rate up and that is typically quite
Dr Jameson: It typically helps with anxiety quite a bit.
iPhone: Just to get the heart rate up
Dr Jameson: Yeah, get those endorphins going and
Dr Jameson: So,
iPhone: And I've been playing with my three year old granddaughter quit.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Oh good, that that does help.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and you've heard us talk about the little there's a number of different apps. But there's calm and there's head space those. I think you have to pay for. But there's also the insight timer that we always talk about, I don't know if you've heard that.
iPhone: Name.
iPhone: I haven't, but um
Dr Jameson: I
Dr Jameson: Recommend. Yep. And it's three
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, there have a okay it's the main part is free. The basic except the basic has like 20,000 different. I mean, it's a huge database library of of content. So you can, you know, they have courses and things you can pay for, but you don't need to
iPhone: Okay, that
iPhone: Means so
iPhone: I'll definitely do that.
Insight
iPhone: Let me write it down.
iPhone: Write it down to see this.
Dr Jameson: I just sent you a name and a little chat. Do you can you see that
iPhone: I did.
Dr Jameson: So that's the name of it and you can
Dr Jameson: Mean, they have extensive content they have things to help you fall asleep. They've got music where you know they've got TED Talks. They've got
Dr Jameson: Any number of an, you know, in every kind of mental health department that you can think of in there. So you might experiment or explore and see if we can find a couple that really feel most you know do you prefer Australian accent or a British
Dr Jameson: accent or a man or a
Dr Jameson: Female you know there's like, I mean, so many
Dr Jameson: And then you may you might find there's something there that you can
Dr Jameson: Turn to and those more mean what I would
Dr Jameson: What I would maybe recommend or suggest or request is, you know,
Dr Jameson: You can take the extra third if you need it. But before you do that, maybe try doing a 10 or 15 minute meditation or go for a walk or do some take some other action or two to see if you can get that to pass without you needing to take the extra
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: You know, I think it's
Dr Jameson: Always worth trying and continuing to try different things new. You know, trying new new playbooks and exploring because
Dr Jameson: You know, at the end of the day, you're on a very low dose and, you know, I don't really have a concern necessarily about you taking the whole one instead of two thirds
Dr Jameson: But you know if there were, if we can help you learn other ways of coping without just numbing you know i think that's that's still helpful.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Life Hack
Yeah.
Right.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so yeah, so I would reach out to both old and new rheumatologists about whether they're doing any talent medicine and can you be seen if so
Dr Jameson: Consider sharing bright heart information with your son. See if you can offload some of his stuff on to professional people
Dr Jameson: And then you have your own appointment coming up with the
Dr Jameson: Counter and then try this.
Dr Jameson: app or any of the other one. I mean,
Dr Jameson: We don't own stock in this one. It's just that it's free and it's pretty extensive so
Dr Jameson: It keeps on popping up places I just started working part time for hospice in my area and they have like a they give you a phone, and they have like a list of different apps you can download and one of them is this one.
iPhone: Interested so good and
Dr Jameson: One of our patients who works in a
Dr Jameson: Homeless facility in the Bay Area was saying that I guess the government gives people cell phones. Sometimes if you know certain people and the ones that this in the Bay Area, the phones that are being given out to people come pre loaded with the same
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so it's, I mean, I think it's pretty. It's a pretty good resource I sent a refill for you for two weeks I'll double check. I did it properly, but two weeks supply saying a full strip a day.
Dr Jameson: And if you, you know, so you won't run out anyway but
Dr Jameson: My hope is that you'll maybe every so often need to take the rest but
iPhone: Mainly just know I think
Dr Jameson: There is
Dr Jameson: One time
iPhone: It was just gonna say that just knowing it's there, makes a big difference.
iPhone: Instead of thinking that you're going to run out. Yeah, so it's
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I bet that's 100% true even with like the Xanax is and sometimes people just knowing it's in the cabinet there.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, you just know you don't have, you don't have to worry about worrying, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah, add to your
Dr Jameson: To your list of things.
Dr Jameson: And I guess the only other thing I would
Dr Jameson: Say, which I know also is easier said than done, but the amount of wasted energy that is spent by people worrying about things. They can't change or control.
Dr Jameson: Or have
Dr Jameson: You know, do anything about is, you know, kind of a travesty really
Dr Jameson: It's really a shame. So
Dr Jameson: You know, asking yourself questions of me worrying about this going to make any does it going to change anything. Is there anything I can actually do
Dr Jameson: To change this, you know what, you know, and if the answer is no, then, you know, okay, well, what can I, what can I do to either make my situation better or help somebody else or, you know, to take some action to be actually making a difference.
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, exactly.
Dr Jameson: Wrapping
Dr Jameson: Wrapping up the end. So, which is
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Any
Dr Jameson: Questions or other
iPhone: Now, thanks. Thank you. I
iPhone: Really appreciate this meeting. I was planning to get on the group just Wednesday, but
Dr Jameson: I was just gonna ask, well, we will be able to see you in group.
iPhone: Yeah.
I think
Dr Jameson: You have an insurance thing that right
iPhone: Your insurance. My insurance is not covering this. Okay.
iPhone: I'm gonna talk to them and see if now.
Dr Jameson: That's all reasonable. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: There are all sorts of, you know, regulations that are being waved so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I was gonna say. But then I remember, like, I think there's a there's a thing about that, you know, we would be, I would encourage as much, you know, participation and communication and reaching out as you can but obviously financial Invitations are, you know,
iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: There were there. But there are other support groups. And I think we've talked about those in some of our other groups too, but well
Dr Jameson: There's two. There's in the rooms.
Dr Jameson: And then I've heard that A is doing some sort of
Dr Jameson: My meetings true so you can explore other sort of channels that you might be able to keep keep connected and grounded and
Dr Jameson: Maybe an
Dr Jameson: Island on, you know, sort of other
iPhone: People Eleanor would be really helpful at this point.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think that might be a good, just a little refresher.
Dr Jameson: A little you know cheerleading.
Yeah.
iPhone: Because it's it's
Dr Jameson: So understandable. I
Dr Jameson: Completely I don't blame you.
Dr Jameson: I think you're right. Like there's
You know,
Dr Jameson: Hopefully you know he's kind of back on his sort of on his feet at least a little bit
Dr Jameson: But it might be
Dr Jameson: You know, it's also a risk that you end up sort of teetering a little bit and you're, you know, recovery. If you're sort of going down the dark path you know paths with him so
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I think anyway. So yeah, I would see if you can find something like that where you just an online sort of thing and
Dr Jameson: See what you find, and let us know if you find something good.
iPhone: I will
All right.
Dr Jameson: So if we can see you on Wednesday. That would be great. Um, but yeah, I mean don't add to your stressors by spending money, you don't have, for example, but
Dr Jameson: We would be happy to see you all. Right there. Good luck.
iPhone: Okay, okay. Yeah, right.
Dr Jameson: No.
Leana Nguyen: Hello.
Leana Nguyen: Hi.
Dr Jameson: My name sector Jamison, can you hear me okay
Leana Nguyen: Yes, we can hear you.
Great.
Dr Jameson: Excuse me. So if you wouldn't mind just confirming your name and
Dr Jameson: birthdate for me.
Leana Nguyen: Knowing I'm
Dr Jameson: 1028 910 2891 and you're in California. Correct.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: Is that your
Dr Jameson: I can't tell, girl.
Dr Jameson: How are you
Leana Nguyen: Good.
Dr Jameson: How they see
Dr Jameson: She's one. Oh.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, I got my hands full.
Dr Jameson: Do you have more than
Leana Nguyen: enough pressure with a boy right now.
Dr Jameson: How, what do you do
Leana Nguyen: I'm doing August. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Thank you. Me. Sure. Totally over her head that she's gonna be a big
Leana Nguyen: Sister. Oh no. She has no idea when
Dr Jameson: She turned to
Leana Nguyen: She turned to. Well, she just turned one in February.
Dr Jameson: Oh, you're so
Leana Nguyen: Right.
Wow.
Dr Jameson: Yes so big.
Dr Jameson: That's right.
It's
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Um, okay.
Leana Nguyen: So you live.
Dr Jameson: With her and anybody else.
Leana Nguyen: Live with her and her dad and his family right now so we're about to move soon to our apartment.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but you're not you're not married right
Dr Jameson: And so is it like a ton of people in this household or
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, right now there is like his brother. His brother girlfriend and his sister with three kids.
Leana Nguyen: Here.
Leana Nguyen: Alright, so he
Dr Jameson: You have an apartment. When are you going to move
Leana Nguyen: Um, I think we're moving in the first of April.
Dr Jameson: Oh really soon like
Dr Jameson: Two days.
Leana Nguyen: Wait, no, no, no. Wait, what is that I mean that
Leana Nguyen: Are June, the first of June, my date, the first of June. Yeah. So after me. Yep. Okay.
Yep.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so two more months.
Leana Nguyen: I got an April in June and
We may
Dr Jameson: Think they're really weird these days.
Leana Nguyen: After man you're moving right after me. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then is are you working. Is he working
Leana Nguyen: He's working. I'm not working.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: Sorry, and then you are. You're on.
Dr Jameson: In treatment. Now, or
Leana Nguyen: No. So I was in treatment in Sacramento. Where is. It's like a second I was like an hour away from where I live. But then all sudden, they told me that they couldn't see me anymore because I don't live in that county
Dr Jameson: Because of the way that they're they're they're they're probably a county program or something.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah. And then everybody in my county Solano County, like the doctors, I go to like no one
Leana Nguyen: Does a treatment for Suboxone or like anything like it for pregnant, you know, someone that's pregnant. Besides that, please. So I've been going to the emergency room to get medicine which they switched me from Suboxone to
Leana Nguyen: Use full Norsemen this tablet tablet instead of the film.
Dr Jameson: Well, okay. So there's a couple things. So you were on a film.
Leana Nguyen: And how many
Dr Jameson: How many a day.
Leana Nguyen: Or two, A three a day, a day.
Dr Jameson: So they give you the tablets, you're still doing three a day.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So there's two things. So how did you August
Leana Nguyen: So you
Dr Jameson: It's not a new pregnancies not new.
Dr Jameson: You do.
Dr Jameson: You want so
Dr Jameson: So there's a couple of things.
Dr Jameson: There the sub you text comes in a film, too.
Leana Nguyen: Much positive
Leana Nguyen: Do you prefer the film. Oh no, I actually liked the tablet more because I feel like the film. Um, I don't know how to explain it.
Leana Nguyen: Oh, the, the tablet made me feel like just nothing. And then I feel like the film make you feel like a little euphoric feeling and I don't like that. But that's not that's not what I'm trying to escape that you know when they gave me this. It was a better. Like, I feel normal.
Dr Jameson: Um, and how long had you been on the Suboxone prior
Leana Nguyen: Um, so I started my treatment in September of last year.
Leana Nguyen: And then so I've been on this Suboxone and then they just recently switched me to the this one right ago. I've been on for two weeks. I ran out of medicine or anything. Okay, well,
Dr Jameson: So even though it's probably more of a
Dr Jameson: How do I say like we worry about this, in theory, like in the textbook in real life. It's probably fine.
Dr Jameson: But the naloxone, the second ingredient in the Suboxone there's some supposedly concerned about safety.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, that's what my obesity. So my mom will be also suggested, and I can tell you without the that medic medicine.
Leana Nguyen: So,
Dr Jameson: What's funny to me is
Dr Jameson: That the whole reason the
Dr Jameson: Way that the Suboxone works, then the lock zone if you're taking it properly.
Dr Jameson: You're not even absorbing the rocks.
Leana Nguyen: So probably not a
Dr Jameson: Big deal. But anyway, yes. That's what we do, etc.
Dr Jameson: So on the buprenorphine alone.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you've been on that since September and it's been working well.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, I mean, I just had a relapse because I ran out of the medicine and and they had stopped seeing the sex. So in the
Leana Nguyen: Time of me trying to get this medicine. I just got two weeks ago, I am like took some Narcos just so I could feel like I was still going. I was going through really bad withdrawals i would i
Leana Nguyen: I just didn't know. I didn't know it would be like have to feel like that because I haven't took it. I've been on my medicine, but
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well,
Leana Nguyen: There's a pregnancy, like my body's working harder because before I was pregnant. I was stopped taking the medicine for like a week and now be okay. But then my doctor, a nice day on it. I don't stop taking it. So I just stayed on it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so we
Leana Nguyen: Feel
Dr Jameson: It's still an opiate and you're still dependent on it.
Dr Jameson: Like addicted, but
Dr Jameson: So when you stopped.
Dr Jameson: If you stop taking it suddenly you'll feel withdrawal symptoms. It's a more
Dr Jameson: LONG ACTING drug. So medication. So usually, it takes
Dr Jameson: A little longer for you to start feeling sick and it's a little bit more
Dr Jameson: Gradual
Dr Jameson: Like, people will say they don't feel good.
Dr Jameson: The second day, but then the third day is when they're like, okay, but it takes it different than
Dr Jameson: Other you know street drugs when people
Dr Jameson: You know, they can quickly feel sick after running out.
So,
Dr Jameson: I noticed you don't have any withdrawal symptoms right now. Right.
Leana Nguyen: Um I my stomach just starting to hurt today, like I I'm starting to feel like the diarrhea, stomach pain again.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So when did you last, when did you run out.
Leana Nguyen: On Friday.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay. So yeah, so we're getting we're getting there now.
Dr Jameson: So you get diarrhea.
Leana Nguyen: Um, I will get diarrhea really bad. And then I'll get sweat and I will not be able to sleep, just an uncomfortable feeling like a little bit anxiety. Like, it's my time, but you're just a
Leana Nguyen: Feeling. It's crazy how like drugs and all this stuff could affect your body and your mind like Chris Oh great. I know.
It's, it's terrible.
Dr Jameson: So, okay, and then do you get runny nose, or any other
Leana Nguyen: When he knows you get, but I didn't think it was from the withdrawals, I thought, was
Dr Jameson: It is a symptom of withdrawal.
Whether you get
Leana Nguyen: You get that a lot around that time of feeling advice. I was like, oh, maybe congested from like the window.
Leana Nguyen: Now you know
Dr Jameson: And then yawning is another thing.
Leana Nguyen: Of being tired.
Leana Nguyen: I will be tired.
Leana Nguyen: Running jogging in general.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, of course, you are tired. If you haven't slept all night.
Dr Jameson: But
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay. So when did you learn that you were pregnant.
Leana Nguyen: Alone right away. I knew as soon as I basically got pregnant. I was trying to
Leana Nguyen: Like I let my
Dr Jameson: That was like, November, December.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah. It was December I live my doctor. Nobody away like basically we found out and she said that, you know, was fine. The doctor Sacramento seen
Leana Nguyen: She's fine. You can stay on it while you're pregnant. I needed. I wanted to learn because I didn't know if I could stay on that medication because I was pregnant, but she said it was fine. Yeah, okay.
Um,
Dr Jameson: If
Leana Nguyen: You're using
Leana Nguyen: What's pharmacy. Are you using
Leana Nguyen: I'm using Walgreens on North Texas. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Oh, so when you went to the ER. They gave they gave it to you right from the hospital pharmacy.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, they had a pharmacy in your that actually gave it to me for free because if I would have went at the time I didn't have insurance so oh
Leana Nguyen: Wait, that was handy.
Leana Nguyen: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, so
Leana Nguyen: Oh, just
Leana Nguyen: A
Dr Jameson: Little bit. Are you allergic to
Leana Nguyen: Hold on. My mom on the phone with the doctor sorry what was that once. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Are you allergic to any medication.
I'm not
Leana Nguyen: Do you take any I suppose I
Dr Jameson: Guess prenatal vitamins and
Dr Jameson: Medication that you're prescribed
Know,
Dr Jameson: Any medical
Leana Nguyen: Issues in general. No, I don't have a medical issue.
Dr Jameson: Any operation.
Leana Nguyen: I just, I got my gallstone removed after how my baby or in July last year.
Dr Jameson: Your gallbladder. You mean
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, my gallbladder. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: And
Leana Nguyen: Did you have a C section or do
Dr Jameson: You have heard
Matters.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: Does anybody in your family struggle with alcohol or drug
Leana Nguyen: My, my dad, my real dad, who was ever in my life. He had an alcohol problem, and he had
Leana Nguyen: died when he was drunk. So, but then I was never like I never seen him, but that happened to him. Nobody else besides him. I know how
Leana Nguyen: I mean, actually no lying because my auntie his sister also had a drug problem. So I live with her when I was 18 and she had me by her like existent pills and
Leana Nguyen: She's also did she just died like two years ago.
Dr Jameson: From drugs to
Leana Nguyen: Yeah. And then her son had committed will overdose on
Leana Nguyen: Heroin, I think if you try to hear one foot for Simon overdose. So just a crazy pattern Daniel realize until like
Dr Jameson: How did, how did your IT guy.
Leana Nguyen: She died from mannerism. They said,
Leana Nguyen: We thought she died from
Leana Nguyen: We got this. She took pills and died. That was the story, but then when I went to the hospital when her son was dying. I talked to the nurse that took care of her, and it was anarchism, like in her brain or something, just like went off and she died.
Leana Nguyen: You know, it's
Leana Nguyen: Just like a lot when I was living with her like heavy drug because there was a time where I wouldn't see her in the show, come home.
Leana Nguyen: Like with like needle like our arm and I'm like, what, why is that they're like, oh, I was in hospital sick. But then, at the time I believed it. But now the whole time like
Leana Nguyen: She was talking high
Leana Nguyen: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Very sad.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then your cousin died of an overdose as well.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: How about on your mom's side.
Leana Nguyen: No, I don't really know. I'm on the side like that because they live in Nebraska, but I never. I mean, they, they might want to do drugs. I don't know about it.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so you're not really
Leana Nguyen: Not too sure you know
Dr Jameson: Do you have a relationship with them are really
Leana Nguyen: You know I'm I barely have relationship with my mother.
Dr Jameson: But they don't have drug problems.
Leana Nguyen: Okay.
Dr Jameson: How long has it been that you've been kind of a strange like that.
Leana Nguyen: Like what
Dr Jameson: Well, we call it a strange like if you don't
Dr Jameson: Keep in touch with somebody that's like that, you're like,
Leana Nguyen: No, my mom and dad, my mom and my stepdad were together till I was about 18 1718 and then they got divorced. So then after that, my mom moved away 2018 and she used to come, come, come back and forth to visit me my brother, sister, but that stop like when I was 20 and I'm like 28 now.
Dr Jameson: It was bad because because of you, or because of her
Leana Nguyen: Is because of her she you know she has known issue. She has her husband and i think i think that she's keeping some part of us a secret from him or something so
Dr Jameson: It wasn't because of your drug you
Leana Nguyen: Know, she did my drug you started with, like, in like four years ago or five years ago.
Dr Jameson: So this was before.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah.
Leana Nguyen: Okay, even though she knows on my drug use.
Leana Nguyen: I think my me my family knows my my step dad who I'm really close with he knows, like he check on me all the time. My sister knows my weight friend knows, you know, everybody knows
Leana Nguyen: But I don't. My mom like we have a language barrier. So it's hard for me to explain something English to her like that's a drug drug to be
Dr Jameson: Have like any mental health kind of stuff.
Leana Nguyen: To kind of do
Dr Jameson: I mean, I'm asking
Leana Nguyen: Is sad. But yeah, I think my mom like Chicago with bipolar and borderline disorder. That's what my dad would tell me a lot like he made me like read my dad like to make me read so so he he made me read up on like borderline disorder. Has he feels that my mom has this is
Leana Nguyen: Your step down. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Leana Nguyen: Okay, my mom because she she will go off for no reason. And you just never understood why
Dr Jameson: And your sister. Yes, we have any
Leana Nguyen: Know my sister's almost perfect. She's a, she's
Dr Jameson: A girl. Perfect. No.
Leana Nguyen: My shoes, she know she worked and go to school and she she doesn't. She drinks, but she just turned 22 I'm the oldest
Leana Nguyen: Yeah.
Leana Nguyen: All right.
Dr Jameson: And then how much school did you finish.
Leana Nguyen: finish high school and then I went to a community college for like two years and then I end up going to school.
Leana Nguyen: Oh, okay.
Dr Jameson: So two years Community College and
Dr Jameson: Then
Leana Nguyen: You tell you. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you are working as a hair.
Leana Nguyen: What kind of hair stylists and makeup artist.
Dr Jameson: Just not right now.
No.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: What's going
Leana Nguyen: On. I don't know.
Leana Nguyen: Maybe
Dr Jameson: Maybe needs to fill her diaper.
Dr Jameson: Are you do you smoke cigarettes.
No.
Dr Jameson: And then alcohol for you at all.
Dr Jameson: Not an issue just not
Leana Nguyen: Not your thing, not my thing.
Dr Jameson: And then so you said you started about four years ago.
Leana Nguyen: So, four years ago, I started with Xanax, I got myself addicted Xanax, because I was going through stuff. And I don't know why self medicated but while pregnant with her last year, or two years ago I got my stuff off of it for them. And I got myself on another drug
Dr Jameson: Which
Leana Nguyen: Is opiates so
Dr Jameson: While you're pregnant, you said
Leana Nguyen: While I was pregnant with her. I got awesome Xanax, but then after I got after I was pregnant, sir, I got that's when I got it. Well, I've been. I've been taking like opiates like on off like I took pills like four years ago, but it was just never liked how it got severely light.
Leana Nguyen: Worker didn't go like, I feel sick not taking it. Okay. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So then, alright. So you started with Xanax 2824 shop wolf right
Dr Jameson: To our stop during for pregnancy.
Dr Jameson: Opiates
Dr Jameson: Turn into
Dr Jameson: What we were you taking my calls or did you take other thing.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: How much a day where you up to
Leana Nguyen: I will take like up to 40 milligrams and mark.
Dr Jameson: Did you
Dr Jameson: Take them like
Dr Jameson: The regular way do smarter doing anything else with them.
Leana Nguyen: I just orally.
Dr Jameson: And then started Suboxone sep tember you said right
Leana Nguyen: Mm hmm. Okay.
Leana Nguyen: I want to hope for a while, but I never knew like
Leana Nguyen: Like, I will try to like detox myself off the medication before I found the treatment and it was just so bad.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, I wish I knew about it sooner.
Dr Jameson: I know right.
Dr Jameson: Now, okay, and we
Leana Nguyen: Actually found out about it. He did his research.
Dr Jameson: Is he in the fees are in career.
Leana Nguyen: Um, no. He doesn't use he just saw everything I was going doing. He's a type, you always Google and research and stuff. So what can help you feel better.
Dr Jameson: Good.
Dr Jameson: Not
Dr Jameson: There, what kind of work does he do
Leana Nguyen: He's a carpenter and a barber barber.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And interesting combination
Leana Nguyen: Right. He did. He cut hair all his life and then obviously you get older our rings often oh really not a good
Dr Jameson: Know you
Leana Nguyen: Get three kids well yeah he bought have three kids because you have older daughter to so okay take care of his family.
Dr Jameson: That's your boyfriend's brother's house. Is that right,
Leana Nguyen: Oh, his parents house.
Leana Nguyen: So their kids.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: Boyfriend sister and brother, you said right
Leana Nguyen: And several other children.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Must be busy.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then any legal issues for you.
Leana Nguyen: No, no, no, no.
Dr Jameson: All right, so no more Xanax lately, or
Leana Nguyen: No, no.
Leana Nguyen: No.
Dr Jameson: That's right. No.
Dr Jameson: So do you suffer with anxiety or what
Leana Nguyen: What will take her for
Leana Nguyen: Having it doesn't my doctor even like before I got off my doctor told me that I needed to take the Xanax, but like, because I was pregnant, and I was like,
Leana Nguyen: I just I hated like needing to
Leana Nguyen: Take something to feel like a normal person.
Dr Jameson: pretty regularly, or is that better. Now with this, the boss.
Leana Nguyen: knows better now with the medicine. I say,
Dr Jameson: Have you done any kind of a program. It was like if they did you have groups or counseling or just get the message. And that's it.
Leana Nguyen: I didn't get the medicine. I did some, um, some counseling, you know, like talking to somebody
Dr Jameson: When where
Leana Nguyen: How long ago was that
Leana Nguyen: Um, was the last time I went
Leana Nguyen: I went in January. Last one.
Dr Jameson: So that was just for a couple months.
Leana Nguyen: off and on. Okay.
Dr Jameson: What did you think of that.
Leana Nguyen: Yes. Okay. I mean, well, when I was talking to the lady lady, she's she said, I like my like my mindset is like there to stop, you know, to stop. She like I'm on the right track of doing it. So I think that's why she said that she asked me if I wanted to. She feels. I didn't really need it and
Dr Jameson: Kind of dismissed. You okay
Dr Jameson: Did you work on like relaxation techniques and that kind of stuff for, like, what did you know
Dr Jameson: You don't have to get into, like, any kind of details or anything, but you said you were dealing with something. So it was there like a loss or
Dr Jameson: Started
Leana Nguyen: Well, when I started Xanax, it was like lost my job. I lost my boyfriend. I was, was the five years and then like I end up like stripping and stuff and get into like
Leana Nguyen: An evening a bad guy just making me do bad things, you know, got it.
Dr Jameson: So it was definitely self medicating
Leana Nguyen: I was a really dark time in my life.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: That things have changed so
So I know for you.
Dr Jameson: I think one thing that's
Dr Jameson: Hard to see when you're in a place up period like that, is that it's not going to stay like this forever, but it will like
Dr Jameson: Things will change, there will be, you know, but it can be really hard to
Leana Nguyen: Believe that when you're really young.
Leana Nguyen: Family everybody caught me off like it was just really bad.
Leana Nguyen: I haven't family now so I know that police getting better.
Dr Jameson: And again, no matter how bad a search certain situation is they will they will they will not last for, you know, things
Leana Nguyen: Things that
Leana Nguyen: You that you let it last.
Dr Jameson: Well, yeah. And that's a mindset thing like if you've convinced yourself. This is it. And it's ever going to change. Then you maybe you don't make you don't look for opportunities you don't
Dr Jameson: take chances to to learn something new or do
Dr Jameson: Something different.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, um, how tall are you,
Leana Nguyen: I'm fine here just five feet short
Leana Nguyen: Little peanuts. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And I know it's right now. It's not really a fair representation. But how much do you, how much do you
Leana Nguyen: Are now 173
Leana Nguyen: I haven't really gained any weight.
Leana Nguyen: That's good.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Leana Nguyen: Talks about the symptoms that
Dr Jameson: You get
Dr Jameson: When you're in withdrawal, which I guess you are having a little bit right now.
Leana Nguyen: And
Then
Leana Nguyen: What else do
Dr Jameson: You do. I don't want to go, usually at this initial visit, we talked about how the medicine works and just sort of that kind of stuff. And I, I know you're already taking it so I
Dr Jameson: Don't necessarily need to speak.
Leana Nguyen: But
Leana Nguyen: Do you have any
Dr Jameson: Questions about or any
Anything.
Dr Jameson: To clear up a little bit more
Leana Nguyen: On what other questions answered. Okay.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, and to get inside.
Dr Jameson: That all from it.
Dr Jameson: No constitution.
Leana Nguyen: Oh, I definitely think I get, but I feel like I don't know. It's like a batter, batter. Good thing. So I don't like to use a number two.
Oh,
Leana Nguyen: So me
Leana Nguyen: It doesn't make you go as daily, but I know there is a time where I know that I need to go. So I'll take like five minutes or even five or so I will
Dr Jameson: Also, say I
Leana Nguyen: Don't let myself go like
Dr Jameson: To it's not it's not becoming a problem.
Leana Nguyen: Film that that's made me not ever like, I will go maybe to like a week and a half without it.
Dr Jameson: Oh, so then the Suboxone was
Leana Nguyen: I feel like those Suboxone will stronger like like a strong medicine down here. So the thing is out here. They give you methadone and I was like, I don't want like
Dr Jameson: That sounds. Yeah. Well, that's another
Dr Jameson: treatment option for this. Yeah, but that has its own that's a whole different ballgame.
Dr Jameson: I mean some of its as its this similar idea, but it's obviously have to go every day and it's
Dr Jameson: Okay. Yeah, I mean I eating more vegetables is definitely none of us eat enough, almost none of us eat enough vegetables, nobody but very few people do.
Dr Jameson: So that's always a
Dr Jameson: Good thing to do, anyway.
Dr Jameson: And then, did they
Dr Jameson: Score they set up a place where you're going to get your labs done or what's the
Leana Nguyen: Today, now I have a place I won't before. That's where my doctor sent me to get my laptop so I know where do
Leana Nguyen: You
Leana Nguyen: Do that it was go either on Wednesday after my doctor's appointment. My OB. Okay, see you on Wednesday. Okay, so I wanted. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I usually just if we can try to
Dr Jameson: The thing is, is the longer people
Leana Nguyen: Wait.
Dr Jameson: For so that I don't know. It's like we lose our momentum.
As
Leana Nguyen: I, you know,
Dr Jameson: Get it out of the way so that you don't get kind of
Dr Jameson: About it.
Dr Jameson: Did they explain to you how our program works with groups every week and
Leana Nguyen: Not really, okay.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: So we have this initial meeting about, I don't know, three or four different sort of requirements of the program. The initial labs and then you monthly drug screens going forward.
Dr Jameson: This initial visit with me, you do one at least minimum visit with a counselor.
Dr Jameson: And then we do
Leana Nguyen: Every week
Dr Jameson: So it's
Leana Nguyen: Eight.
Dr Jameson: To 10 patients, you're still wherever you are, like, you are today. It's just, it's just like this on zoom, except there's like Brady Bunch, you know, lots of
Well,
Dr Jameson: I'm there a counselor, is there. And so it's kind of a twofer. Because we do like
Dr Jameson: You know, we talk about some sort of
Dr Jameson: Subject related to recovery and then I am also checking in with people who needs a refill.
Dr Jameson: And usually they don't
Dr Jameson: Show up and change once we get you where you're going to be, but you know just
Leana Nguyen: Those adjustments or
Leana Nguyen: Or whatever.
So,
Dr Jameson: So going forward, you and I will see each other in this weekly group and then we'll so it should be relatively efficient as far as
Dr Jameson: You know how much time is is
Dr Jameson: Needed to, you know, dedicated to this.
Dr Jameson: My groups. I mean, my California groups are on Wednesdays, I said it backwards. But I guess, get the idea.
I heard
Leana Nguyen: Ob appointment this week.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: I can, we can you know have you skip this coming week but after that.
Dr Jameson: But options is daytime going to be okay.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, just find what time do you guys usually do it.
Dr Jameson: So I have a
Dr Jameson: Kind of have to do the math because I'm on the East Coast. It's 1030
Dr Jameson: Your time or noon.
Dr Jameson: 30 gets a little bit bigger. So then, well, am I lying about the same.
Dr Jameson: Is either one of those that are worse.
Leana Nguyen: So 10 over here and over there.
Leana Nguyen: Your time 1030 or no. Okay. Whenever unless you for 12
Dr Jameson: was better. Okay.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah so 10 choose a ticker now.
Dr Jameson: Is she supposed to be sleeping.
Leana Nguyen: What time does she take her now. She takes a nap at 10 but the thing is is I have to lay with her. She's like doesn't have a routine.
Leana Nguyen: Okay, yes.
Dr Jameson: Walsh law, they're taking their nap, but OK.
Leana Nguyen: I can just let her just like
Leana Nguyen: Play in like middle the room. So right now it's
Dr Jameson: Fine.
Dr Jameson: Okay, alright. So we'll plan on that. So the way that that works is that you kind of do what you did today. So you start at the virtual clinic.
Dr Jameson: We actually asked people to start checking in about half an hour early because sometimes there's a backup with, you know, the number of people checking in and depending on what if somebody has to do their drug screen before you know what I mean.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Let's take our time. So if you can keep it in your head. More like 1130
Dr Jameson: And then if it's real quick and you get checked in, in five minutes. Then you go do what you whatever until it's actually 12 o'clock, and then you come to the end, I'll give you a
Leana Nguyen: Topic today so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, we'll give you the code for the group that week, which is changing every week. So, so you have to check
Dr Jameson: Okay so there'll be some like surveys, they asked you to fill out every week. And if you're due for a drug screen then
Leana Nguyen: That might, you know, happen at that point.
Dr Jameson: We'll get to that to this.
Dr Jameson: You don't have to worry about that for a month or so, but
Leana Nguyen: Hadn't dropped into you go actually go take the
Dr Jameson: The actual. So the first time we're going to do one at the lab.
Dr Jameson: Because we're going to do blood work in urine, but
Dr Jameson: Then we mail you a cup. Did your did your other program, have you do a little cup that had all the things right on the side of it.
Leana Nguyen: We all know day. I just had. I did, I did it, but they took the cup.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Leana Nguyen: Like there. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, so we have
Dr Jameson: They make cup that have the little testing like built into the side of the cup.
Dr Jameson: Mm hmm. So we send you the cup and then we'll they'll explain it in more detail. Basically, when you receive the package.
Dr Jameson: You don't open it or anything, but you sign into virtual clinic and then
Leana Nguyen: Thing.
Dr Jameson: You know, watch you open it and then
Dr Jameson: You go and they don't make they don't like watch you put the pee in the cup but you know like
Dr Jameson: You're still on iron
Dr Jameson: I guess they can hear the they're looking at the ceiling, whatever you put your phone down but
Leana Nguyen: And then
Dr Jameson: And then they can read it right off the cup right on the spot.
Leana Nguyen: On a school. Okay. Yeah. So it's kind of, but people can still cheap.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, they're only chin themselves, but I'm just saying.
Dr Jameson: I know people cheat, going to the
Dr Jameson: Lab to i know i mean
Leana Nguyen: Crazy. We can't
We can't
Dr Jameson: We do have a saliva test.
Dr Jameson: Which you never know if that's what's going to be in the box.
So,
Leana Nguyen: You're right.
Dr Jameson: That one is hard to cheat because we
Dr Jameson: Yeah, to put it in your mouth on on Cameron.
Dr Jameson: Right.
Right.
Dr Jameson: And then we occasionally we do pill counts, so we could, you know, reach out and say please show us your pill bottle and let us count how many you have.
Dr Jameson: You know, that kind of thing.
Dr Jameson: To
Dr Jameson: Kind of as well not kind of
Leana Nguyen: It's
Dr Jameson: It's important that there's open communication.
Dr Jameson: We're not. I guess this is important for you to know we're not a program where if
Leana Nguyen: You're like,
Leana Nguyen: Me. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: If you test positive for something you're not supposed to have in you. We don't kick you out. We're not like a few new
Leana Nguyen: People now.
Dr Jameson: It's really more about. Okay. Well, tell us what's going on, what happened.
Leana Nguyen: Going on, you know, let's let's like out and work. Work on helping you. Yeah.
Leana Nguyen: Look forward so
Dr Jameson: Um, we do have a responsibility to make sure that you are actually ingesting the medication were prescribing and not selling it to somebody else. So
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's part of
Dr Jameson: That's part of the deal here in part of what we're testing for is that you
Leana Nguyen: Actually, you
Are feeling Friday.
Dr Jameson: And then we have
Dr Jameson: So I, I say this to everybody. I'm not assuming anything about you specifically, but we have a tendency to have a problem with people missing their appointments and then crawling. Oh, I'm at a medicine well
Dr Jameson: You need to come to the group to get your
Dr Jameson: If there's something going on. You have an appointment something
Leana Nguyen: Happen.
Dr Jameson: Your phone dies or something, you know, if you can phone and reach out and let us know what's going on. We can always reschedule or but we we kind of just need to hear from you upfront or ahead of time instead of after the fact, it's
Leana Nguyen: Okay, yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean, it's because you were in a car accident and he didn't go. I mean, okay. Like, we're not reasonable. But we do like ask that you can
Dr Jameson: That you
Dr Jameson: Be respectful, especially like the counselors, they get blown off all the time, and it's just like so.
Leana Nguyen: No. Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: Um, okay. So that's kind of the structure of
Dr Jameson: The program. We typically start out with
Dr Jameson: One week at a time prescriptions.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Great, you know with with time as things get it looks like your other place did that for a while, but then you kind of graduated two weeks. Right, that's kind of the way
Yeah.
Leana Nguyen: So it was given every two or three weeks because of the dry for me. That's what they're there to understand because I had
Leana Nguyen: I took her with me. I'm appointment and I did drive an hour out so yeah
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so you're new to medical, is that right
Leana Nguyen: I don't know, I just, I don't know. I didn't know they discontinued my account and obvious.
Dr Jameson: So like, this isn't what I was asking about was, do you have a copay or you just say, give me your
Leana Nguyen: I don't know. So I've been getting my medicine before at the clinic where I was going.
Leana Nguyen: To be for free. So I, I know that this last time when I had to send to my my my pharmacy when I ran out and asked her, I didn't have mental I had it was a lot, but now that I'm in a coffee shop. I'm hoping that co pays
Can I think
Dr Jameson: Maybe there is anyway. So that can be an issue. Right. Like if somebody's paying a copay and you get the same you get your a month supply for the same copay or seven days with the same Kobe depending, that's a little bit
Leana Nguyen: annoying sometimes
Dr Jameson: I do sometimes extend the courtesy to people that have been in treatment and have been
Dr Jameson: Have been you know compliant or whatever, you know,
Not in trouble.
Dr Jameson: It looks like you were pretty stay stable and then come November know December, you're getting like one or two days worth at a time. I don't know what was going on.
And
Then
Dr Jameson: Several weeks, so I don't have a problem with starting you at the two week
Dr Jameson: Point because you're not brand new to all this, but just be aware that if you know there are missing components are you are Mia for certain amount of time, then we can we be we sometimes drop people down to a shorter supply
Leana Nguyen: Know, I'll be on my
Leana Nguyen: Hope is nice and then taking lightly.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I'm not, I'm not necessarily worried, but so right and then anyway.
Dr Jameson: What time is your appointment this week.
Dr Jameson: For your OB.
Leana Nguyen: Is 11
Dr Jameson: So you're probably not going to make group this week. So I'll give you a do will do enough to bridge you through to the next time we have group.
Dr Jameson: And then after that, we'll do that two weeks at a time from now.
Dr Jameson: So come to group every week, even if you don't need a refill.
Leana Nguyen: Okay, no, I well
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we have the Walgreens, and a plane.
Leana Nguyen: And working
Dr Jameson: And you said three a day. Correct.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Alright so today's Monday.
Dr Jameson: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, what
Dr Jameson: I'll do 10 days worth. So we have a little bit of
Leana Nguyen: Overlap good if you come to
Dr Jameson: Come to
Leana Nguyen: Green.
Dr Jameson: Wednesday. All right. I'll send another prescription that same day.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that's going to be 30 pills and
Dr Jameson: Do you take them set like separated or do you take them all at once.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, I know. I took them separately. I take one in the morning and then one like in the, like, three o'clock and then one little before bed.
Dr Jameson: Okay, sometimes people do like one and a half.
Twice a day.
Dr Jameson: I don't know if it's a pain for you to remember to take it to that many times a day or not. Well,
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, I mean, there's time where I would just take like one or two a day.
Leana Nguyen: Just depending on the day I guess if I remember right, I remember kind of or if I'm feeling like I'm like, you know, I feel load off or
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well,
Dr Jameson: I mean, the truth is that the medication is a 24 hour or longer. Our medication. So it was designed
Dr Jameson: To be like methadone just taken once a day.
Dr Jameson: For whatever reason, it seems to bet, I think some of its probably a sort of a behavioral psychological thing like you're used to dosing yourself.
Dr Jameson: Many times in a day. And it seems like going too long without taking medicine just doesn't feel comfortable, I think, to a lot of our patients.
Dr Jameson: But I will tell you that a lot of us some of the patients who have been in treatment for years will say, Oh, yeah. First, I always took it three days, twice a day, three times a day. But gradually I realized I could just take it once a day and I'm fine.
Dr Jameson: But that it took some time for them to like adjust to that. What I will
Leana Nguyen: Reach a reach thing.
Dr Jameson: Yes.
Leana Nguyen: And it's just
Dr Jameson: This kind of that's what you're used to, for so long that it's hard to suddenly
Leana Nguyen: Just, you know, doing that.
Dr Jameson: But you could try taking if you can break one of the tablets. You could take one and a half.
Leana Nguyen: In the morning, and then one and a
Dr Jameson: Half at night and just that would, you know, simplify
Dr Jameson: It's up to you. You can keep
Dr Jameson: Your time today it's perfectly fine. There's nothing
Dr Jameson: Wrong with doing it that way but
Dr Jameson: You know, just
Leana Nguyen: Just
Leana Nguyen: knock you down with simplicity. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then of course you're super duper careful with keeping them careful
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, yeah, for sure. I have read up on like how babies died from my actual desktop. I'm not okay well I
Dr Jameson: Know, I know I just, just a friendly reminder
Dr Jameson: Oh, yeah. So, um, yeah. So it's either way. You can take it three separate times you can take all three of them once a day, you can take one and a half of them twice a day.
Leana Nguyen: Let me let you take all my once mentioned as
Dr Jameson: Well yeah, I guess, or just get it all over with him today. I don't
Leana Nguyen: Know,
Dr Jameson: I mean, I don't know. Anyway, it's fine either way. Um, okay, so
Dr Jameson: That's all the, all the things I need like to touch sort of touch on unless you have
Dr Jameson: Any other questions.
Leana Nguyen: No.
Leana Nguyen: No honey clear how this program works. I like it is more convenient.
Dr Jameson: Hopefully by the next time we see which will be in 10 days you'll have had your labs done
Dr Jameson: And then I know you'll be running down to the last
Dr Jameson: You know, few tablets that day so
Dr Jameson: We do have that earlier group. So I actually have. It's mostly patients in Tennessee. But if you had to, I have groups on. I have a group at 9am your time on Wednesday. Also groups on Tuesday. So you know if there's a one time you know something going on a certain week and
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Early that's
Dr Jameson: Not on a regular basis. But it's, it's an option for the one time thing here and there.
Leana Nguyen: Keep things, you know,
Dr Jameson: Keep the continuity of you showing up. But that's the kind of thing we just like to hear from you about
Leana Nguyen: Okay.
Leana Nguyen: Okay then. So one when I go into before I go to. I just, like, go to the main to administer the admin right
Leana Nguyen: The first
Dr Jameson: Call virtual clinic. Yeah.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Second in around 1130 you could check in earlier than that. If you want to
Leana Nguyen: Follow Dr.
Leana Nguyen: Know, hold on.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: So you can check in earlier than that if you want to, I guess, maybe you're laying there you could sit on hold while you're leading with your daughter, I guess, although they will ask you questions at some point. But you have to talk, but um
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so we'll plan on seeing you.
Dr Jameson: A week from Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: Around at noon, but you'll check in at 1130
Leana Nguyen: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And I sent the prescription to the pharmacy electronically so just follow up with them in the next hour, so make sure they received it.
Dr Jameson: Every so often, they get upset because
Dr Jameson: You know, we're telemedicine and
Dr Jameson: I guess that's less of a thing right now, given the Copa now pandemic, but
Dr Jameson: You know, sometimes you might want to let them know you're you've switched to a new program. So it's a different doctor just so that that you know they see that you
Leana Nguyen: Know,
Dr Jameson: It's good. I'm saying just kind of
Leana Nguyen: You know, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, any last questions before we go.
Leana Nguyen: To Moshe. Thank you so much.
Dr Jameson: You're welcome. It was nice to meet you. What's your daughter's name.
Leana Nguyen: A more
Leana Nguyen: Say it again. A more
Dr Jameson: A more like love like
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I don't really speak Spanish, but I know that word.
Dr Jameson: All right. Well, it was nice to meet you. And we will. I look forward to seeing you next time.
Leana Nguyen: Okay, thank you. You're welcome.
Leana Nguyen: Bye.
Dr Jameson: Bye. You know how to get out of here.
Leana Nguyen: Yeah, just leave. Yep.
Dr Jameson: People get stuck by
Dr Jameson: Okay, so first was Eileen Mason.
Dr Jameson: To ask to see me because she's been
Dr Jameson: Finding that on occasion. She's developing really significant anxiety type symptoms typically late afternoon and these do seem to resolve she takes at the last third of her Suboxone strip. She does acknowledge that this is likely mainly anxiety because this is only began in the last
Dr Jameson: Few
Dr Jameson: weeks to a month and she's been dealing with some
Dr Jameson: Troubles her son has been involved in lately.
Dr Jameson: Related to some drinking and crashing a car and having license removed and
Dr Jameson: Getting kicked out of his SLE
Dr Jameson: She's still living in Tennessee with her daughter.
Dr Jameson: While her son is in California.
Dr Jameson: She's also concerned because of the quarantines lately. Sure. Our new rheumatology consultation got pushed back to August. She worries that she will not
Dr Jameson: Have enough plaque. When l to get her through
Dr Jameson: She is meeting with a counselor her next appointment is within the next week.
Dr Jameson: She used to like to walk but hasn't been as active recently.
Dr Jameson: This has helped with anxiety in the past.
Dr Jameson: So mental status physical normal
Dr Jameson: Odd severe, number one. Number two, anxiety plan. I sent him a prescription
Dr Jameson: For the full strip a day just for sort of peace of mind. But I asked that she at least attempt one or two other anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Relieving measures prior to going ahead with that last
Dr Jameson: Dose
Dr Jameson: Such as meditation deep breathing exercise provided her with some more resources for line.
Dr Jameson: Things ID.
Dr Jameson: Measures, as well as
Dr Jameson: recovery support groups.
Dr Jameson: And incidentally, I did encourage her to reach out to her both new and old rheumatologists, given the current
Dr Jameson: Pandemic there are fewer regulations regarding
Dr Jameson: Across state.
Dr Jameson: Treatment, as well as telemedicine. So she may be able to consult with her California rheumatologist, at least in the interim
Dr Jameson: Continue with group weekly ideally, but she's got a financial limitations on that. So probably bi weekly
Dr Jameson: And continue with her individual counseling. Then we have Leanne. And when was a new patient here for history and physical
Dr Jameson: She is living in the Sacramento area.
Dr Jameson: But I guess recently moved and has no longer
Dr Jameson: Candidate for the clinic where she had been getting treatment period. She's also pregnant.
Dr Jameson: As of two to three months ago and that clinic was uncomfortable treating her during pregnancy as well. Period. She had run out of she was maintained on Suboxone films eight plus two, three a day she's been going to the local er in the more recent
Dr Jameson: Past and then two weeks ago was switched to buprenorphine eight milligram tablets three a day but has worn on those two or three days ago now.
Dr Jameson: She first started treatment September of 2019
Dr Jameson: She did take some Norco
Dr Jameson: During the past few months. Another point when she'd run out of her Suboxone medication.
Dr Jameson: But otherwise, has been
Dr Jameson: doing quite well in sobriety. She has a one year old daughter as well.
Dr Jameson: Her withdrawal symptoms include insomnia, diarrhea, abdominal pain, runny nose, anxiety, I said that I guess anxiety.
Dr Jameson: So she currently has some mild symptoms today.
Dr Jameson: She's not been in an inpatient treatment programs, no legal issues.
Dr Jameson: Her drug use really began about four years ago and she was dealing with some
Dr Jameson: Difficulties in life. Period. She started with Xanax sexually
Dr Jameson: Which she stopped while pregnant with her first daughter. But what had been occasional opiate use turned into daily regular opiate use after that pregnancy and she was as as much as 40 milligrams a day of more Co. She's nice any snorting or installation.
Dr Jameson: And no IV administration.
Dr Jameson: She actually prefers the buprenorphine tablets to the Suboxone films which caused more constipation and at times created also somewhat of a euphoric feeling, neither of which she's noted with her machine dose.
Dr Jameson: She did complete at least a short
Dr Jameson: Course of individual counseling, but a couple months ago, the counselor.
Dr Jameson: offered her the option of
Dr Jameson: Just continuing that so she did.
Dr Jameson: I filled in her past medical stuff.
Dr Jameson: She's not allergic to any medication. Her only other medication is prenatal vitamin
Dr Jameson: Family history there is definitely addiction on her father's side. She never really knew him and he died by suicide.
Dr Jameson: She suspects. Her mother has bipolar and or borderline personality that is not a formal diagnosis, they're more or less a strange at this point.
Dr Jameson: Review of systems. As noted above, otherwise negative
Dr Jameson: I, I was that her height and weight.
Dr Jameson: Her exam is normal.
Dr Jameson: O. U. D. Severe, number one. Number two, pregnancy.
Dr Jameson: Yes, she's in her second trimester. Now plan. I ran her cures report, which is consistent with her history today.
Dr Jameson: We reviewed the structure of our program. She's already familiar with medication and mechanism of action and agile side effects.
Dr Jameson: She's chosen the 12 o'clock noon Wednesday group, but will not be able to attend this coming this week because she has an OB appointment that day.
Dr Jameson: I sent a prescription for eight milligram tablets three a day for 10 days number 13 I'll refill she's going to have our initial labs done sometime this week.
Dr Jameson: Explained our
Dr Jameson: Minimum at least one meeting with a counselor and weekly groups, I will extend the courtesy of starting at two week supply of medication after next time because she's been in another treatment program prior
Dr Jameson: I think that's all. Thanks.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Michael Flores: Yes, I can.
Dr Jameson: Okay, um, my name is Dr. Jamison tipping myself because I get this glare right in my eyes, but now
Dr Jameson: I'm not really in my professional looking spot there. I can't win anyway if you wouldn't mind confirming your name and date of birth. Now,
Michael Flores: Michael florists October 24 1989
Dr Jameson: Thank you, and you're in California. Right. Correct.
Dr Jameson: So I guess they already kind of probably went through the sort of consent for treatment stuff.
Dr Jameson: You're comfortable with the fact that we're in a telemedicine visit and
Dr Jameson: That we do record and transcribed these visits, so
Dr Jameson: Just so you know, you're
Dr Jameson: We are being recorded. We don't save the videos forever, but they do see the transcription of what what was said so.
That's
Dr Jameson: Good, so
Dr Jameson: Are you already taking Suboxone today.
Michael Flores: No.
Dr Jameson: No. Okay. Sorry, I'm I had two new patients, and I must have flipped them in my head.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so the basic purpose of this visit is to kind of review your medical history in general and then confirm that you are probably a good candidate for Suboxone or sub you tax and that buprenorphine and then explain how it works and get you started. Ideally, hopefully.
Dr Jameson: So let me just start with some easy questions like are you allergic to any medication.
Michael Flores: No. And do you
Dr Jameson: Take any prescriptions that your or you want any other any medication that's prescribed to you.
Michael Flores: Have I bought any
Dr Jameson: Know, are you like, are you under the care of a doctor for any
Michael Flores: Particular No. Okay. No, I was taking heartburn medicine, but I stopped going to the doctor. So now I just buy over the counter medicine like pilot SEC or the attack or something. Yeah, yeah, produce it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Let's say you have heartburn, but it's controlled with that.
Michael Flores: Yeah, good. Okay.
Dr Jameson: I don't want to digress but sometime I might share with you some diet dietary changes that may be different than what people have mentioned to you before, not just the spicy food thing we can come back to that. Another day
Michael Flores: Are you able, are you able to give me like because I used to take protonix the 40 milligrams. But yeah, Eric named the pencil puzzle.
Michael Flores: Yeah, are you able to give me
I'm
Michael Flores: Technical like cheaper. It's
Michael Flores: Cheaper and then the Polish. That's pretty expensive. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: We don't tip the week, try to kind of stay in our own lane.
Dr Jameson: You know, sometimes things that have to do with sleep and anxiety. That's kind of more related to
Dr Jameson: Potentially, we get, we will do, but
Dr Jameson: That kind of stuff. We really try to
Michael Flores: Okay.
Dr Jameson: I don't think our malpractice even covers, like, you know, non addiction type stuff, that sort of thing.
Dr Jameson: But I guess or on the subject, I would suggest you consider experimenting with a dairy free diet for a little bit and see if you notice any change. There's a huge correlation with dairy sensitivity and Heartburn, reflux. Your irritation. So
Michael Flores: Okay, you can
Dr Jameson: Try it for a couple weeks and see if you notice any difference. Anyway, um,
Dr Jameson: Okay. So then let's see where are you living at these days, with whom are by to have your own place or
Michael Flores: I live with my, my mom and my girlfriend and my kids.
Dr Jameson: How many kids. Yeah.
Michael Flores: True well one's mine like my blood, but basically step child, but it's basically like mine. Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: Okay, so when you with you one between you and your girlfriend and then she had another one. Before you
For me, okay.
Dr Jameson: And are you working or in school or not.
Michael Flores: Anything we have some working
Michael Flores: What do you do. I'm an intake coordinator for a home health agency.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay.
Agency.
Dr Jameson: All right. And you see you finished high school or did you go further than that.
Michael Flores: Yeah, a finished high school and some college
Dr Jameson: I just got this new pet set. I'm not used to want to keep walking into it. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so let's look girlfriend kids and homeless your mom.
Dr Jameson: Your mom.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And do you smoke cigarettes.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: How much
Michael Flores: Probably like half a pack a day. So like 10 cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: He has that is that cut back from were used to be or
Michael Flores: Yeah. Yeah. And I, and I definitely think I will stop once I stopped taking pills, because I only smoke when I'm taking pills, so I can feel that little extra high, but I don't crave them when I'm not on the pills. So, pretty sure I'll stop.
Dr Jameson: I hope so. That'd be great.
Dr Jameson: How about alcohol.
Michael Flores: Any know occasionally. Okay.
Michael Flores: I used to
Michael Flores: I used to, but then he was a trigger for wanting to do cocaine. So I just stopped overall
Dr Jameson: Come back on. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So okay, so cocaine and then other
Dr Jameson: What other kinds of pills and things have you been
Michael Flores: Just, just Percocet and Marco's that's what my thing is mainly okay
Dr Jameson: mathur know Ben pencils or anything. Okay, no.
Dr Jameson: The cocaine was before, not anymore or
Michael Flores: No, it was just before when I when I drink it, I do it, so I don't drink, but last time I drinking done, it was
Michael Flores: My younger brother, when he passed away his services. So probably about six months ago. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm sorry to hear about your breath. That sounds
Dr Jameson: Horrifying
Michael Flores: Yeah, it was. Yeah, it's been tough tough few months.
Dr Jameson: What happened to him.
Michael Flores: Honestly, he was a year and a half, clean and we don't know cuz there's like a bad batch of some axes will fit now and he had been clean and
Michael Flores: Some of it came out in his toxicology and he just didn't wake up one day, my mom found them. So he probably just really I don't know if he overdosed because it wasn't a high amount to where the toxicology, said he, overdose. They determine good I'm
Michael Flores: undetermined, but there was no in his system.
Dr Jameson: So that's properly and if he had been clean. This is like one of the scariest things to me.
Dr Jameson: It makes it makes my
Dr Jameson: hair on my head. But you know when people relapse. If they haven't been using in a while their tolerance is different and the stuff that's out there keeps getting stronger.
Dr Jameson: So it's been those two things. It's like very high
Dr Jameson: risk of mortality rate for first returned to us. It's really scary.
Dr Jameson: I'm sorry that happened.
Alright.
Dr Jameson: So actually it was pills, but
Dr Jameson: We don't actually know. I saw what he thought
Michael Flores: He was 24
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you have other siblings.
Michael Flores: Yeah, I have an older brother and 133 year old and a 15 year old.
Dr Jameson: Oh, wide range
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And. Are they healthy anybody else struggling with
Michael Flores: My older brother. No.
Michael Flores: He's a pretty bad.
Dr Jameson: And opiates hostile with opiates.
Dr Jameson: Huh.
Dr Jameson: Oh yeah, so he's
Michael Flores: Yeah, he says, I think probably heroin or math. I'm not too sure. Okay.
Dr Jameson: You don't talk too much these days are
Michael Flores: Know he he says he doesn't need help. So he
Michael Flores: Tends to not talk to us or stay away.
Dr Jameson: Okay, how about parents and your younger brother. So far so good.
Michael Flores: Oh, please. Yeah, so far so okay
Dr Jameson: And how about parents
Michael Flores: Know, they're good. They're yeah they're good.
Dr Jameson: Anybody with alcohol.
Michael Flores: Oh yeah, my grandpa on both sides. My all my uncle's are alcoholics and my uncle's on my mom's side, they're all drug addicts from every drug like crack math crank.
Michael Flores: I don't think they really dived into heroin too much, but a lot of the uppers.
Michael Flores: So there's a high addiction is
Dr Jameson: Likely. Yeah, there's probably some specially wire D receptors in your brains, unfortunately.
Dr Jameson: But that doesn't mean it's not over. It's not
Dr Jameson: treatable, you know, just, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Have you ever had any app accidents or operations.
No.
Dr Jameson: No hospitalizations any overdoses for you.
Know,
Dr Jameson: Alright, so you're 30 or and let's see. So when did you start. Tell me, or tell me your story.
Michael Flores: Pills Turner, just one day we ditch high school probably when I was in my junior year we got into my mom's friends medicine. Me and started taking some Vikings and then ever since then.
Michael Flores: I mean, we would take them. I was probably 16 and where we just take them here and there. And then when I actually graduated high school when I turned 18 I worked for a pharmacy I delivered
Michael Flores: For five years. So I had pretty much access to everything that got sent back. So I was always taking them then and then I stopped, maybe a few times for like eight months, three months and then always just went back to it. So it's been since like probably I was 16 about 14 years. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So when you would stop on your own. How did you do that.
Michael Flores: Honestly, I just stop and I just want the very first time I did stop. I went through the withdrawals myself and started working, you know, just staying busy and I went to school and that's when I was clean for like eight months. I got my medical assistant surf certification.
Michael Flores: And then the other time.
Michael Flores: I just had terminals to help me get through the night, the pain and then I just stopped and I started working out again.
Michael Flores: That's pretty much it.
Dr Jameson: So the exercise has been yeah
Michael Flores: Well, yeah, definitely.
Dr Jameson: Um, are you working out now.
Michael Flores: No, no, but I plan to one.
Michael Flores: Is it kind of like
Dr Jameson: One or the other but not
Dr Jameson: You don't work out when you're also using
Michael Flores: Okay, yeah, now
Dr Jameson: I was at a conference where they were talking about exercise. And while we know that it boosts you know good endorphins and
Dr Jameson: You know dopamine and stuff, but they were also saying that they have suspicions that you know the sensations. When you're sweating and hot and all this stuff when you're working out.
Dr Jameson: Some of that overlaps a little bit with with withdrawal symptoms and they said that people that work out regularly seem to be able to tolerate those withdrawal symptoms, a little bit better.
Dr Jameson: Interesting. Yeah, so okay so lately I've been using. Did you say Norco
Michael Flores: North North who's in purposes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And do you solve them or
Michael Flores: Nighttime or what do you do. Yeah. Nice. Well done. Okay.
Dr Jameson: How much a day about what do you say
Michael Flores: I would say it depends on how much money I have, and how would I get my hands on anywhere from want to say 20 to 35 pills a day day 10 milligrams
Michael Flores: Wow. That's expensive. Yeah, it is. Yeah, it is. It really is.
Michael Flores: My new daughter. She's seven months now and it's just like it's time
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, he'll be much more present. I think if you're not distracted.
Michael Flores: I'm
Dr Jameson: Sorry, did I already asked you, have you had any overdoses know
Michael Flores: Me, but you can remember. Yeah, sorry. No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then, have you been in any like formal treatment programs, either in
Dr Jameson: Agent or
Michael Flores: I have one. So I went to a detox a seven day program.
Michael Flores: And I wanted to stay longer. But I really didn't. I felt bad because my girlfriend was still praying it and I left it at home by yourself. So I just did the seven days and I stopped.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and how long ago was that
It was
Michael Flores: like nine months ago. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, did they give you any medication. When you were there.
Michael Flores: Yeah, they gave me some charity techs and mentor corporal like a muscle relaxer, and then some transit on to sleep. I think just
Michael Flores: Tell me sleep one of those. And then so yeah savvy text and met the carnival.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then so once he left that was that no more.
Michael Flores: Yeah, once I left, I was I started with you. I've been happy with my brother and they just, they just want all that again.
Dr Jameson: I see. Okay, so that was shortly. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So he was playing how long
Michael Flores: Was it not that long, how it's any wasn't even because of my brother. I just relax myself. There's probably a few days a week.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: I'm sure you know this too. Unfortunately withdrawal lasts an awfully long time. It's way longer than
Dr Jameson: Alcohol and a lot of other
Dr Jameson: Drugs, so it doesn't seven days.
Dr Jameson: That's not going to probably cut it.
Michael Flores: Yeah, I know.
Michael Flores: Yeah, and they were begging me to stay longer.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no, no. I am not. I'm not.
Dr Jameson: Saying, Oh, I wish something good. I'm just saying it's it's a very long.
Dr Jameson: And there's a depression that often sets and it just takes it takes a good long time for the receptors to Reese re
Dr Jameson: rewind back to
Dr Jameson: Back to normal.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so this has been really 1010 years probably when did it get really like, when did you know okay i really have a problem.
Michael Flores: When I when I started working for the pharmacy, so probably when I was 18 so 12 years so
Dr Jameson: It's been okay
Dr Jameson: And tell me what sort of when's the last time you use something now.
Michael Flores: This morning
Dr Jameson: And then when you have, what do you have any withdrawal symptoms right now.
Yeah.
Michael Flores: I would say my stomach starting to feel a little funny but other than that.
Dr Jameson: So what tends to happen like tell me how your withdrawal.
Michael Flores: I My stomach feels weird. My legs are horrible at night. I can't stop restless legs are horrible, right, like any of my arms like the pings you so bad. And then I get the sweats, it's mainly just the runs the sweats and
Michael Flores: shields and fever, but also like a runny nose, sneezing,
Dr Jameson: And you can't sleep right
Michael Flores: Oh yeah, definitely.
Michael Flores: And then really sleep.
Michael Flores: I could barely sleep now even
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right.
Um,
Dr Jameson: And then you said pain. So you get kind of paint all over
Michael Flores: Oh, yeah, yeah. My whole body would hurt.
Dr Jameson: Do you have anything that hurts you. Anyway, regularly.
Michael Flores: Or just my shoulder, my shoulder. I had messed up.
Michael Flores: About three years ago, playing softball, but I just felt like I i did go to the doctor prescribing some channels I tore my already said, I took my
Michael Flores: Practice or
Michael Flores: Not the rotator cuff because I that's something you might still there, forget
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, so you have children and still bothers you.
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: From time to time or pretty much every day.
Michael Flores: Every day.
Dr Jameson: Did they want to do. Did they recommend surgery or anything.
Michael Flores: No, it wasn't. I mean, it's tall taller. Boy, I forgot what it was it we're
Michael Flores: Not my rotator my
Dr Jameson: tendinitis or
Michael Flores: It's honestly
Dr Jameson: The you can separate your shoulder.
Michael Flores: Did you fall I fell on it. I don't want you. I was diving for being small
Dr Jameson: Did you kind of land like on your side.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's a good way to separate yourself.
Dr Jameson: And then the little AC.
Dr Jameson: Joint here can sometimes be a mess.
Michael Flores: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, anyway, so you had a shoulder injury.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. So tell me what you already know. I don't want to go through stuff you already know, but tell me what you know about we primarily use Suboxone or the generic of it which is only different from Sub you text in that it also contains the the no locks on our can
Dr Jameson: So anyway, tell me what you know about
Dr Jameson: If anything,
Dr Jameson: If nothing else go sir from the ring any
Michael Flores: Like seven tests are Suboxone
Michael Flores: Yeah, well I know he helps with the withdrawals and I know the difference is like from that in methadone like methadone, you could still use but this stuff if you use. You can get sick and you'll get sick with you. So that's why I wanted to
Michael Flores: Go because
Dr Jameson: Well, so. Okay, so, and you probably, I don't know if you would even remember how much somebody text, they were giving you
Michael Flores: Well, honestly, I don't remember. No. Okay. I don't even think they even told me the milligrams
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah. And it was it where they the film strip you things are, where they tablets.
Michael Flores: It was it's heavily yet to put a new year.
Michael Flores: So, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, I don't know. You know, you're, you're at least initially, I would expect that you might need a little on the higher dose on the higher side because you that's a pretty healthy dose of of
Dr Jameson: oxycodone that you're taking every day. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: I guess. Anyway, so, um, do you, do you remember they made you wait until you were pretty sick before they started this apotex
Michael Flores: No, because I honestly didn't get to see they made me we honestly I think it was
Michael Flores: I want to say 12 hours because they gave it to me that even. Okay. And before I went in. It was about nine o'clock in the morning and they gave me some that night.
Michael Flores: So,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, so if I had to. How long after you took it. Did you feel better. Do you remember
Michael Flores: Honestly, when I was taking them. I felt good. I didn't have really no way jaws. I honestly didn't have any I just couldn't sleep. Yeah.
Michael Flores: I was amazed.
Michael Flores: I was really amazed. The house like
Michael Flores: So yeah, I think, I mean,
Dr Jameson: Suboxone or somebody texts or whatever you want to call it either one. I mean, they're really, it's an amazing I find I, in my opinion, is it's kind of
Dr Jameson: Almost like a miracle drug i mean it's it's a designer drug anyway. But it's the one thing that's a little bit of a down downside to it. It's a, you have to be careful when you first take your first dose.
Dr Jameson: Yes, so
Dr Jameson: Um, the way that it works is actually often
Michael Flores: Not
Dr Jameson: A lot even doctors, I find sometimes they're confused by this if they haven't done
Dr Jameson: The special training about it so
Dr Jameson: buprenorphine which is in the Suboxone and the semi texts either one of those both contain the buprenorphine. The buprenorphine is the blocker.
Dr Jameson: So a lot of times people think. I think it's the Narcan part which is a blocker, but it's actually not absorbed. When you take it dissolved the way it's designed to be taken does not that are can is really there as a
Dr Jameson: deterrent to people that might otherwise have creative ideas about how to take the medicine and
Michael Flores: What to do with it.
Dr Jameson: So if you snort it or shoot it or something that you're not supposed to be doing anyway. Then you get your in our camp with it and then obviously that
Dr Jameson: Even the buprenorphine along the sub you text without the that is the block. That's the main ingredient is the blocker so
It's a really strong.
Dr Jameson: It sticks to the opiate receptors very we call it has a high affinity. It's very strong and it's it's much stronger than many other opiates and heroin.
Dr Jameson: So if you've taken any other opiate recently. And so there are still molecules in your brain stuck to those receptors and we introduce the buprenorphine in your system that
Dr Jameson: We will come in and actually
Dr Jameson: Push off clear. Get out of my way.
Dr Jameson: And jump on
Dr Jameson: To the receptor that can actually make you feel really sick.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so we need the receptors to already be mostly empty before you start
Michael Flores: The buprenorphine.
Dr Jameson: So this is the one sort of
Dr Jameson: Not such a great thing about it is that we have to kind of wait for you to be pretty uncomfortable.
Dr Jameson: Because otherwise, you can actually suddenly feel
Dr Jameson: Even more terrible than a regular withdrawal because it happens like really fast. All of a sudden, and it's from what I'm told. It's, it's
Dr Jameson: Not something you can even imagine. And so
Dr Jameson: We usually suggest
Dr Jameson: You know, you want to be past that just, Oh, I can tell I'm starting to not feel good. You want to be into the, like, oh, I don't know how much more of this. I can take kind of stage and then take your first dose so that
Dr Jameson: We can just bring you up to normal and not
Michael Flores: Risk taking you suddenly feel
Michael Flores: Bad. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Does that make sense. I want to make sure
Michael Flores: Yeah definitely understand that. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So given what you're telling me, my recommendation would be and I can give you some sleep medicine. And so I don't know if they gave you
Dr Jameson: Quantity or any of these other withdrawal symptom type things, but I can give you some of that to try to help help overnight, but I would very strongly encourage you to
Michael Flores: Wait until tomorrow morning before you take your first dose. Oh yeah, I will. I mean, because I don't want to go into that.
Michael Flores: I've ever heard of that happening.
Dr Jameson: To people
Yeah.
Michael Flores: Yeah, and I don't want to go into that.
Dr Jameson: Now I don't want for you. I did not wait I kind of, I almost think it sometimes like creates this like a version to the medication like if that's your first experience with it so
Dr Jameson: I certainly don't want that to happen to
Michael Flores: You okay, so I'm just looking up, you
Dr Jameson: Live in Madera right
Correct.
Just
Dr Jameson: To look you up in the system. Okay, so, oh, they did they give. Maybe they did they give you a prescription for 70 text when you left the other place or
Michael Flores: No. When I left know they made sure I when I left. They made me stop for
Michael Flores: 12 hours before I can even reuse. So
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Michael Flores: You saw my life I've been ours.
Dr Jameson: In the database about prescription there. They have these prescription drug monitoring programs that we like to refer back to, and I can see from it was July 19 they gave you actually Tim as a Pam, which is also
Dr Jameson: A well I guess it's considered a muscle relaxant, but it's it's a benzo
Dr Jameson: So I must give me that, too. So maybe that maybe they gave you that first and
Dr Jameson: Kept me kept you sleepy through beginning of your withdrawal until they could give you the subtext, but they had to milligram tablets and they only get the only they only got 20 of them for you. So do you remember how many times a day, they were giving the sublime.
Michael Flores: Text. I think it was about three and then it cut down to two and then okay but there was days like where I did feel like I know you're more but they wouldn't give me more because
Michael Flores: Yeah, I don't. And a lot of people, honestly, were complaining about the way they were making them.
Michael Flores: Yeah, go through that.
Michael Flores: Yeah, so the withdraw.
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So, okay, well anyway I you know I wasn't there. And I don't know what the average dose. First of all, we usually use usually we use eight milligram, it has to predicting two things in it. So it's eight slash two. It's the second ingredient. The two
Dr Jameson: We usually eight milligram either films or tablets and then most people take it to two a day, which would be the same as taking eight of the ones that you had been getting there. It looks like.
Dr Jameson: So be quite a bit more. Sometimes people need even a little more than that, you know, we don't really want to overshoot, either because
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: You know, someday, hopefully someday we'll, we'll be talking about tapering you off of it and the less you're taking the start with the less well you know distance will have to go
Dr Jameson: That's usually
Dr Jameson: Literally probably years down the road, but
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so I would, I would recommend that we start
Dr Jameson: With the eight milligram strengths and you could take a half of one and wait half an hour, see how that goes. And take the other half. If you still don't feel good or
Dr Jameson: Or something.
Dr Jameson: And if you end up finding that okay and in the whole thing, then you can just take the whole thing. The next time, but
Dr Jameson: You know, we can start with the one half to one twice a day and then see see where we are with that. And then I can send. I don't really want to use them as a pan, but we can certainly send some trouser down did that help you when he took it.
He
Michael Flores: Yeah, it helped me. I just wanted stay asleep via
Michael Flores: I remember because I remember I took it and I was watching a baseball game and
Michael Flores: I don't even remember falling asleep and I woke up was, and I don't remember falling asleep.
Michael Flores: Okay well alright
Dr Jameson: And then there's also for the hot and cold and restlessness and stuff. Sometimes we use. There's a couple of the two other medications. One's called quantity and I think I already mentioned that name.
Dr Jameson: I don't know if you've ever heard of it or to use that before and then hydroxyl the nervous drill is another another one so
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so if you feel like you're going to have a hard time overnight. I can send a couple things.
Michael Flores: Yeah, I will try. Nice. I mean, yeah, I would appreciate that just because like you said I, this is the first time I've actually been there's bad like up to this many a day and I'm kind of alone. Or if somebody
Dr Jameson: Saying that credit. So you've gone up considerably since you were in that treatment. Last time I think
Michael Flores: No, I was. But since achievements you I was about the same with these last two years. My dosage as a lot
Michael Flores: Well, that's called tolerance. Right.
Dr Jameson: You've heard that term before. Yeah.
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That it's unfortunately what happens
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, it's just a medical phenomenon that happens in our body. So
Dr Jameson: Right. So, so what we're trying to do is meet meet your receptors, where they are right now and then over time as we kind of help.
Dr Jameson: Stabilize and build your toolbox of ways to cope with discomfort, whether it's physical or emotional, mental, whatever.
Michael Flores: You know, we can
Dr Jameson: Eventually start talking about the year Riviere you gradually like so you can barely even notice it dropping doses down and again that's way down the road.
Dr Jameson: And some people never do.
Dr Jameson: I mean, some people just aren't going to, they don't have the motivation or they're just there's too many
Dr Jameson: crazy things in their life, and it's just not something doesn't feel like a good idea. And so we just leave them. I mean, still better than then using especially people who are you know injecting and doing things that are super extra risky.
Michael Flores: Yeah. Not that taking opiates every day isn't risky.
Dr Jameson: And okay so
Dr Jameson: There you have a plan in place for when and where you're going to have labs done
Michael Flores: Yeah, um, I have to check if my lab places open. I know the girl, let me know that normally it's a week they want us to do as well because what's going on.
Michael Flores: The, you know, the coronavirus yeah
Michael Flores: I mean, if they
Michael Flores: depend a little extra
Dr Jameson: I mean, if there's if their clothes or something but
Dr Jameson: Otherwise I would, you know, try to try to get it out, out of the way, just because the longer it seems like the longer we go without doing them, the harder it is to get them done. I don't know why, but yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean we have to be
Dr Jameson: Reasonable in the crazy times we're in right now. And then I don't. It doesn't sound like it doesn't seem like people are very often sort of
Dr Jameson: Prep prepare are informed, I guess is the better word for how how our program is structured going forward.
Dr Jameson: I don't know if anybody mentioned to you that we have weekly group sort of support group meetings.
Michael Flores: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: See me with me once, at least, and we can we sometimes do have men check follow up, depending, just to go over dosing and tweeting things
Dr Jameson: Then you do the month the weekly groups and within the first few weeks doesn't necessarily have to be instantly. But we have you meet with a therapist counselor person as well.
Dr Jameson: And then at that visit, they will decide you the two of you will decide together what the best approach will be as far as how long, or how often anyway to be meeting.
Dr Jameson: To do the individual counseling piece. So some people have a lot of stuff that needs to get dealt what work through
Dr Jameson: Then I'll honestly when there is that much stuff that's like going to be the you know game, you know, that's going to be the determinant of, you know, how well this goes in the big picture, you know,
Dr Jameson: Some people don't have that much. It's really kind of
Dr Jameson: Simple sort of stuff. And they, they, you know, meet with somebody, meet with the person for, you know, four or five sessions or something and then kind of, you know, just call me if you need me. So it you know just that's very variable.
Dr Jameson: And that'll have to do with, you know, they'll get into more personal questions. And how was your childhood and all this kind of stuff.
Dr Jameson: So that will happen. They call the initial visit a bio cycles social evaluation.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so if you heard that term. That's what that means.
Dr Jameson: And then we don't have to worry about it quite yet, but we'll get the initial labs done at the lab. And then after that, once a month we we require a drug screen which is done urine usually almost always but we send you a cup at home so you can
Dr Jameson: Do that, without having to step into the lab every month.
Dr Jameson: So we'll get we'll get to that at the time comes, but that's sort of the general
Dr Jameson: Structure. They have some
Dr Jameson: Survey. They're really into data collection and monitoring data to look at, which is cool, really, but it's it's a chore for you guys.
Michael Flores: Yeah, these
Dr Jameson: These surveys every week, but it allows them to kind of identify different factors that seem to be associated with, you know, good outcomes bad outcomes. You know, things happening can can kind of be warning signs that we need to you know get
Dr Jameson: Get together a little bit more often or something.
Dr Jameson: So what is your work schedule like
Michael Flores: I'm I'm normally work.
Michael Flores: Monday through Friday ANYWHERE I COULD GO IN anywhere from eight to nine. So from eight to 438 to five or nine to 530
Michael Flores: And then we work. One, two, Saturdays, a month and one Sunday, a month one full weekend and extra Saturday but actually
Michael Flores: I'm off for two weeks for bonding time starting today. So it kind of worked out in case I do go through some bear with George some I was off because we were gonna we plan on going to Disneyland, but doesn't coronavirus well
Michael Flores: But he said months.
Michael Flores: My son, that's five years old so
Michael Flores: And we didn't end up going so yeah but i'm i'm probably since I'm we're not going I might go back to work. Next Monday, probably because, I mean, I might as well do you see my time for
Dr Jameson: Yeah, do something more interesting than stare at the walls. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Michael Flores: So pretty much in a funk function that was able to go to work. You just know
Dr Jameson: Yeah, luckily, that's good.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And did I ask any legal issues. Nope, okay.
Dr Jameson: Great. Um, so my California groups are on Wednesdays, but most of them what my they're all in the daytime. So then the other option is Tuesday evening, I have a 6:15pm
Dr Jameson: That's fine, but that works. Okay, sounds like that would work better for you. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, so
Dr Jameson: You go by Michael Mike, how do you go
To Michael
Dr Jameson: Michael Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, I'm just penciling you and so I don't forget what we decided on. Okay. So as far as the prescription goes prescriptions, I guess, let me send
Dr Jameson: To this be from anxiety slash well
What's
Dr Jameson: Hey, Reagan. Can you shut my door.
Dr Jameson: Do you get nasza nauseated at all. No.
Michael Flores: No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Oh, we don't have a pharmacy. What did you have a pharmacy in mind.
Michael Flores: Oh yeah, I thought he put it on there it was. I go to the right, eating in Madeira.
In
Dr Jameson: West all of. Yeah.
Michael Flores: Well, we can say if they don't have what I need. Can why you want to transfer to a different policy your
Dr Jameson: Well, yes and no. It might require a phone call.
Dr Jameson: As opposed to like a regular medication where they can just, they can go in to the computer and pull it out at a different store.
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Michael Flores: That doesn't always apply for this kind of medicine, but yeah.
Michael Flores: I'm hoping like tomorrow. Well, tomorrow morning. I
Michael Flores: Hope they say 123 days right so
Dr Jameson: That's a good yes your, your experience on the pharmacy side of things. Yes, I would give them a call and confirm that they have it in stock and that you're going to be able to pick it up and you can pick it hopefully pick everything up today and then
Dr Jameson: We'll have it ready but you can use the other stuff tonight. And then, yeah.
Michael Flores: And if they say they don't have it. Should I give you, then
Dr Jameson: I guess what I would suggest is called other options in your areas and confirm that you have found somebody that does have it and then yes, give us a call and we will
Dr Jameson: I can either change it and just send it to a new pharmacy. If you
Michael Flores: Give us a specific list and then yoga.
Dr Jameson: Or if it's just a different Rite Aid store for this time or something like that. We sometimes will call and just do it for police so they can
Michael Flores: Because
Dr Jameson: You're right. They do sometimes have to order it less of a
Dr Jameson: Well, we're at the very end of a month. Sometimes that is hard. But generally, the eight milligrams are pretty commonly used. So if we're doing like an unusual strength.
Michael Flores: Then yeah, it's more of a problem but ok
Dr Jameson: Alright, so then travel and don't
Dr Jameson: It comes in different strengths. I don't know if you remember
They don't
I guess.
Dr Jameson: I'll start with 50 and you can take one or two.
Michael Flores: If one is
Dr Jameson: Enough. Now the hydroxyl seen visceral also can be sedating so
Dr Jameson: Just bear that in mind, you know,
Michael Flores: At that time,
And then I haven't even gotten to the
Dr Jameson: Main Event.
Dr Jameson: But I know it can be a rough a rough way, you know, waiting game with them.
Dr Jameson: I mean, if you start, you know, when you get to a point where you're like, I, you know, in tremendous discomfort, as far as withdrawal goes and it's it's time to take your first dose, so you don't have to wait all the way till the morning if it's really bad, but
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then there's tablets and there's film.
Dr Jameson: If you. Some people don't like the taste of one or the other one you know one of them makes them nauseous. Neither does. Do you remember if the tablets bother you, and then you
Michael Flores: Know they were fine. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So we'll start with tablets. They're usually preferred by insurance anyway because they're cheaper.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes the like medical wants the brand, strangely enough, so if they want the brand will change it but I
Dr Jameson: You know guest guessing what you want to start with. We'll start with that. Okay, so I'm going to say one tablet twice a day, you're going to have group tomorrow night because it's already my it's Monday. So it's just tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: So we'll be able to touch base pretty quickly to see how things are going.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm gonna just send a couple days worth of medicine for now just to keep
Dr Jameson: Keep you close, close, close eye on you.
Michael Flores: And then if you know we can send another prescription even tomorrow night, but I just kind of want to
Dr Jameson: See where we're at with this.
Michael Flores: In case it seems like we might
Dr Jameson: Need three a day and then I'll send a new prescription with a higher amount. So, um,
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: You know, I said earlier, something about breaking them in half. But I would say
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I would just take one. I don't think you need to draw
Dr Jameson: The disk draw it out any longer.
Dr Jameson: But you can just take one and it's the same way you remember where you let it dissolve and you have to wait 10 minutes before you eat or drink anything
Michael Flores: Yeah. Remember all that
Dr Jameson: And then, tomorrow, we can see how you're feeling how the day is gone.
Dr Jameson: You know, if you if you really barely feel any better after a whole one, you know, you can take another half of less of a second one.
Michael Flores: And then
Dr Jameson: Do one and a half the SEC for your second dose of the day don't do any more than three and 24 hours so without talking to me.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: In general, you know, when we're starting and we're still
Dr Jameson: Trying to sort out what the doses.
Michael Flores: On a little bit more flexible.
Michael Flores: Once we get you
Dr Jameson: Into a
Michael Flores: Certain dose.
Dr Jameson: Then this whole. Oh, you can take an extra one if you that's not going to be
Dr Jameson: A standing. Okay.
Michael Flores: After we get things
Dr Jameson: squared away in the next couple days. Okay, so I'm always open to conversation about what's going on and discussing, maybe it does change, but I want to have a conversation before we make changes.
Dr Jameson: That you know it's a problem at the pharmacy. If you run out early because you were taking more than your medicine prescription said then, you know, they won't fill it. If it's not
Dr Jameson: Time, yet you know
Dr Jameson: So we need to we need to make sure that we're really proactive about about keeping
Dr Jameson: Kind of all on the same page.
Dr Jameson: So then I'm going to just give you a couple of the other little sort of rules. I guess for group. We ask that everyone has some sort of headphones or earbuds or something which is mainly for privacy purposes of here.
Michael Flores: Okay, yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm patriots, then we're not broadcasting. Who knows what to a room of who knows how many
People
Dr Jameson: We ask people not to smoke during group because some people
Dr Jameson: Quit or trying to quit.
And
Dr Jameson: Don't need to see somebody else puffing
Away.
And then
Dr Jameson: As much as possible a quiet private place where you know your full attention is on the group and not you know making dinner or grocery shopping or
Michael Flores: Something else.
Dr Jameson: Unrelated. So that's kind of the main spiel for the group's
Dr Jameson: It can take a little time for the check in process and every you know there's 10 people checking in, for the same group. So we asked people to check in.
Dr Jameson: At least half an hour before the group starts and you can do it even like if you're driving home from work or something. Well, I guess that's not a good example because you don't want
Dr Jameson: The driving, but
Dr Jameson: Um, you know, you can check in even earlier than half an hour. Once you get through all the different, you know, check, check, check and make sure they
Dr Jameson: Have everything they need. They'll give you or email you the meeting ID. Maybe they did that today to and then you can go about your business until 615 comes in and jump. Join the meeting for the group.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so you don't have to stand the whole the whole the whole time. If you're early, you can go do something else and then come back.
Dr Jameson: So I think in your mind 545 for tomorrow, just a year.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes it can take a little while in there.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: Just a general reminder. I
Dr Jameson: Kind of say to everyone, because I don't know at the beginning, who's going to be the problem child and who isn't. But
Dr Jameson: You know the vision is you come to group to get your prescription. So if you don't make it to group, then you know getting a refill becomes chopped, you know, problematic.
Dr Jameson: Know we also at the same time, understand life is life. So if something comes up, you have a conflict, it's, you know, whatever. Just be in touch. Reach out. We can either maybe find a different time for you.
Dr Jameson: Maybe not, but at least the we're kind of know what's going on. Maybe I meet with you individually, especially this week. See how it's going, but just in general, you know, be at seven o'clock on a Friday night. Oh, I took my last pill yesterday, and now I'm out. It's like
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: You're not really. Not really appropriate so just do your best to be as proactive as possible. I'm, I'm not necessarily worried about this in your case, but I just find if I don't say it out loud. And I just, I don't know, I feel like
Dr Jameson: I've learned the hard way. I have to kind of set the ground rules from the beginning.
Dr Jameson: Same. Same thing with appointments. We actually have probably the biggest problem with no shows on the counselor visits, especially people that haven't met the counselor, yet they seem to be very
Dr Jameson: Reluctant, I guess, I don't know. So we have a lot of no shows. And that's really unfair for the professionals who are making their time available, so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, the way that we usually where I didn't say this, either the way that we usually do this as we start with a week at a time. So yours is shorter this week.
Dr Jameson: Today, just because we're so brand new. I need to. I want to know what your dose looks like it's going to be before I even send more
Dr Jameson: But we generally do a week at a time when medication until a couple months have gone by and you're showing up and you're following through. And, you know,
Dr Jameson: Participating and, you know, and then we
Dr Jameson: Do two weeks at a time and then ultimately people earn me you know PRIVILEGE OF A MONTH WORTH OF prescription medicine per, per trip to the pharmacy, which is just more convenient. So ultimately, that's the, that's the sort of
Dr Jameson: Path pathway or whatever. So
Dr Jameson: On the flip side, if things are going great. And all of a sudden you stop showing up or missing thing, you know, then we can we sometimes have to go backwards and cut back on the prescriptions if if we need to. So that's sort of our general approach.
Dr Jameson: With the drug screens when when that gets going. I, you know, we're not a program where if you fail your, your drug tests for whatever reason you get kicked. We don't kick people out for that necessarily. I know some programs do, but I think we're more pragmatic about it like
Dr Jameson: Let's talk about what's going on. What happened, what's what the, what the issues are and make sure we're sort of learning from our
Dr Jameson: From our setbacks and not not. We don't just blanket kick you out. So I'd rather know about what's going on and have someone be very, you know, honest and forth, you know, open and
Dr Jameson: forthcoming about what's happening and said of stealing someone else's P and putting in the cup to make it look good. I don't think that's serving anybody. Well, you know what I mean, let's be real about what's really happening.
Michael Flores: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: My personal opinion i, which I think is not unusual is that
Dr Jameson: There's usually more to this story than simply
Dr Jameson: Oh, I took a lot of pills and
Dr Jameson: Now, my body is is dependent on it. Like there's usually reasons why you found yourself drawn to these things. And we talked about, there's a genetic component, for sure.
Dr Jameson: But often there are other factors that have to do with the way we think about the world the way we deal with difficulty. The way we don't don't don't deal well with with discomfort of some sort.
Dr Jameson: Anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Anger, you know, so I am a very strong
Dr Jameson: Proponent for some, you know, one on one counseling, which I feel is usually kind of critical to the long term.
Dr Jameson: Success and having people fly. Eventually, you know, with their
Dr Jameson: You know sail away into the sunset. You know what I mean. So
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I will, I will focus on that quite a bit. As far as, you know, hopefully I won't have to wrangle you as much wrangles on the patients, but
Dr Jameson: I find that it's amazing actually even then the people who are most
Dr Jameson: resistant to the idea, often are the ones that actually need it the most. And there'd be no it in some subconscious way. They just are afraid to go there. So I try to avoid it, but
Dr Jameson: Most of the time the people that we really have to
Dr Jameson: Twist arms to get see the counselor find that it's actually really helpful and they are really glad that they ended up getting there. So,
Dr Jameson: Anyway, we'll see how it goes and maybe you'll be one of the small subset where they don't have much to talk to you about after after they meet with you a couple of times. So
Dr Jameson: Yeah, whichever way it works out. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you have any. I do a lot of talking. I'm sorry.
Dr Jameson: Do you have any questions for me.
Michael Flores: As of now, no, you actually answer any question that I might have been
Michael Flores: Like, Oh, that's good. No, no, it's getting. But yeah, no.
Dr Jameson: I'm okay. So with as far as I mean, last thing, and then I'll let you go. So you'll follow up with a pharmacy in
Dr Jameson: A few minutes just, hey, they sent a bunch of things just checking on when, when will I be able to pick those up. Would you think
Dr Jameson: And if there's any issues, then yeah be in touch and you can sign back into the virtual clinic is usually your best bet for any issue really, that's the place to start.
Dr Jameson: As far as the group goes
Dr Jameson: The count is a counselor and me and then other patients or clients, whatever. Want to call them.
Dr Jameson: So it's just like this is in the zoom but there'll be a bunch of lots of different faces on your screen.
Dr Jameson: We are happy to hear your input. But obviously, knowing your brand new. This is all completely. No, you haven't even ever taken medicine before really barely so you're not Levada is the name of the counselor. She may
Dr Jameson: throw you a softball. Like, would you like to, but
Dr Jameson: feel very comfortable. Not today. I don't really know. I don't have anything to say about this. I'd rather just listen. Today, like you can say no if you don't feel comfortable. That's really okay
Michael Flores: So then I don't they did at the at the other program like
Michael Flores: When we're on detox stadium and how is. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So she
Michael Flores: She usually start going through which
Michael Flores: Yeah, it's like okay like
Dr Jameson: The way that she starts her group their youth counselor is different. But the way that she tends to start them and she asked people, she calls it a three point check in.
Dr Jameson: And she asked people to, you know, check in with how they're feeling mentally, physically and spiritually and she means spiritually like
Dr Jameson: How's your spirit like your outlook on life. If you happen to be a spiritual person that's fine too but it doesn't mean religious necessarily, you can do so.
Dr Jameson: And sometimes we end with what something we're grateful for. So
Dr Jameson: Those kinds of
Dr Jameson: Things you know that's the only time I would
Michael Flores: Think that you may, you know, be expected to say
Dr Jameson: Something but but otherwise you can
Michael Flores: Say as much or as little as you feel
Dr Jameson: Comfortable and I'm sure after a couple weeks. It'll be
Dr Jameson: A little bit less.
Michael Flores: Over. Yeah.
Michael Flores: Intimidated, yes.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: It's a nice group of people really
Honestly,
Dr Jameson: People with kids people without kids.
Dr Jameson: One guy has a wife who's expected to do
Michael Flores: In
Dr Jameson: May I think
Michael Flores: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so it's, you know, mostly younger people. So I think you'll
You'll feel
Dr Jameson: Part of a gang at some point anyway.
Dr Jameson: That's it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well I'm
Michael Flores: Last chance for any other
Michael Flores: Questions No, I'm good. Good.
Dr Jameson: So I hope everything will be smooth at the pharmacy. What's my
Region.
Dr Jameson: And if but if not, you know, like I say, it is the end of the month, and sometimes they run kind of low when it gets down to the maybe, you know, maybe more about how pharmacies. What
Michael Flores: Most people do when
Dr Jameson: They get a certain amount per month. So sometimes it gets hurt at this point.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, I look forward to working with you and we'll see you tomorrow. If you have any questions problems you've taken the medicine.
Michael Flores: And
Dr Jameson: something's not going right.
Dr Jameson: You know, any, any problems just
Dr Jameson: Feel free to you know get into the virtual clinic I have other groups during the day tomorrow. So I i'm I'm at my desk and in the computer. So I should
Dr Jameson: Be able to answer questions or
Michael Flores: Okay.
Dr Jameson: No problem solve, if we if we have anything that comes up.
Michael Flores: Over. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. Well, I hope. Tonight isn't too too terrible. I hope it's a
Dr Jameson: Medium, you know, not not tremendous I'm sure it will be uncomfortable.
Michael Flores: Yeah hopefully we can minimize that. Okay.
Michael Flores: All right, well, nice to meet you.
Dr Jameson: Likewise, take care.
Michael Flores: Thank you. You're already Uber. Hi.
Okay, Michael Flores
Dr Jameson: Here for his initial history and physical
chief complaint.
Dr Jameson: I want to stop taking pills API. This 30 year old gentleman present today.
To requesting
Dr Jameson: Assistance with opioid
Dr Jameson: Addiction period.
Dr Jameson: He's been taking
Dr Jameson: Norco and or Percocet.
Dr Jameson: Daily now for any number of years period currently taking between 25 and 30 tablets, a day of the 10 milligram strength.
Dr Jameson: started late high school kind of recreationally but quickly became a daily
Dr Jameson: Daily phenomenon for him. Period. He said, one prior treatment inpatient detox last summer left after a week because he was
Dr Jameson: Concerned about his girlfriend home by yourself or pregnant. He only stayed clean for a few days after he got home and sadly his brother died shortly thereafter, which
Dr Jameson: also contributed to his return to use
Dr Jameson: His he's no history of overdose no legal issues. Um, he has been working
Dr Jameson: But obviously spent significant amounts of money on this drug use his girlfriend is expecting another child.
As well. I think he said that belief.
Dr Jameson: Withdrawal symptoms include diarrhea upset stomach restlessness.
Dr Jameson: Chills and hot sweats insomnia generalized body pain and runny nose, he's currently just beginning to experience some mild upset stomach his last use was
This morning
Dr Jameson: I filled in with his medical history.
His height this five nine weight is one, Ed.
Dr Jameson: physical, spiritual, mental status is normal assessment opioid use disorder severe
Plan.
I do, I do find that he seems to be an excellent candidate for medication assisted therapy.
Dr Jameson: The financial burden of this amount of daily opioid often becomes insurmountable and can lead to conversion to more illicit
And dangerous forms.
Dr Jameson: So we, we will begin with buprenorphine Suboxone its last two tablets.
Dr Jameson: will attempt to twice daily dosing
But it's not unlikely that he may require higher doses, at least initially, based on the
daily dose of his current opioid use period I did run a cures report.
Dr Jameson: We discussed the structure of the program. The mechanism of action of the medication risks for precipitated withdraw withdraw.
He did not have any side effects when he used to have your texts previously.
Dr Jameson: He's going to start in the Tuesday 615 group due to his work schedule which is tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: And I sent a number six. No refill.
Dr Jameson: Then
Dr Jameson: He's going to have labs done
Dr Jameson: Will schedule an initial bio psychosocial evaluation.
I
Can't think of anything else to add,
So that's it for today.